Claire Bailey-Ross,Andrew Beresford, Daniel Smith. Durham University, United Kingdom.
University Faculty,GoogleScholar,Computing Research Association (CRA)
The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America: Results from a nationally representative sample of adults.
New Institutional Economics: Theoretical Foundations and Application to the Argentine Case 2.1. New Inst institutional Economics: Property Rights, and Credibility of the State’s Commitment 2.2.
Gújjolaay Eegimaa (Eegimaa for short) is a Jóola language spoken in the Basse Casamance area of Southern Senegal.
In Spanish poetry, the syntactic configurations under which enjambment takes place have been described extensively.
American College of Pediatricians (ACPeds), Elsevier,Frontiers journals.
Research on adult-learned second language (L2) has provided considerable insight into the neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the learning and processing of L2 grammar. However, substantial periods (months to years) of limited or no exposure following L2 training are not uncommon.
The Use of Cognitive Digital Games in School: Contributions to Attention Daniela Karine Ramos dadaniela@gmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin.
The sound of a word can have a purely arbitrary connection to the word's meaning.
SI Interpretations,Chitonga-speaking Children,Bantu Languages.
Digital Humanities Clinics - Leading Dutch Librarians into DH.
Compact Fluorescent Light (CFL),Bataan Peninsula State University,Segmented Compact Light-emitting Diode (SCLED) bulb.
Design of Mutation Operators for Testing Geographic Information Systems.
Replication studies are considered by many to play a fundamental role in any scientific endeavor.
European Space Agency (ESA),National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA),China have launched three satellites.
CoM (Center of Mass),Artificial tail,Chickens.
Game of Thrones is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder (1991) and popularized by Henry Jenkins (2006)
Daniel Bernoulli was a Swiss mathematician and physicist.
Byron was an undistinguished student and an unskilled cricketer. He fell in love with Mary Chaworth while at Harrow.
Chao was born in Tianjin with ancestry in Changzhou, Jiangsu province. He studied at Cornell University and Harvard University.
Antonín Dvořák (8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904) was a Czech composer.
Emperor Norton Joshua Abraham Norton (c. 1818 – January 8, 1880) was a citizen of San Francisco, California, who claimed to be "Norton I, Emperor of the United States"
Pierre Charles L'Enfant (1754 - June 14, 1825) was a French-born American military engineer. He designed the basic plan for Washington, D.C. (capital city of the U.S.) He was a friend of George Washington.
Charles J. Fillmore (August 9, 1929 – February 13, 2014) was an American linguist and Professor of Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley. He is best known for his work on syntax and lexical semantics.
Siméon Poisson rejected Évariste Galois' paper on equation theory. Galois was expelled from the École Normale in January 1831.
Matthew Goode,Sophie Dymoke, The Crown.
Patrick Leopold Gordon of Auchleuchries was a Russian general.
Zaha Hadid was the first woman to win the Pritzker Architecture Prize. She was made a Dame by Elizabeth II in 2012.
Natsu Higuchi was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period (1868 - 1912)
Brock Holt is an American professional baseball second baseman, shortstop and outfielder for the Boston Red Sox. He first played in MLB for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2012.
Jerome Jerome (c. 347 – 30 September 420) was a Latin Catholic priest, confessor, theologian, and historian. He is best known for his translation of most of the Bible into Latin (the translation that became known as the Vulgate)
Otto Jespersen was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language. He was born in Randers in Jutland and studied at the University of Copenhagen.
Jenna Marbles (Jenna Nicole Mourey) is an American YouTube personality, vlogger, comedian and actress. Marbles is the first social media star to have a wax figure displayed in Madame Tussauds Museum.
Jeanne Moreau (23 January 1928 – 31 July 2017) was a French actress, singer, screenwriter and director. She won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for Seven Days... Seven Nights (1960)
Eugene Nida (November 11, 1914 – August 25, 2011) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory. He was a graduate of the University of California and the University of Southern California.
Jared Padalecki is an American actor. He is best known for playing Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural. He was born in San Antonio, Texas.
Theodorus of Tabennese (c. 314 – 368) was the spiritual successor to Pachomius.
Ice in a pan, water in a glass, and steam rising from a pot are all forms of water.
Mae Lynne,Horse,Equipment.
Judy,Joseph Campbell,Dan from Santa. That's to JudyYou probably have one like it already.
Mitchell Roberts, versus, uh, Matthew Collins, ABC Builders Interiors.
Erasmus,Luther,Brendler.
Bill and Kathy Wilson have been married for a year and a half.
Michael,Doctor Kevin,Issac and I took our son to the hospital for a fever.
Sabrina,Kendra,Melanie's mom is a bitch.
Are you — do they still teach at Bahia on Sunday? Night? Oh yeah.
Sam has been, has taken such an interest in this retirement bit that it — it really surprises me.
North America,Player three,Chinese food.
The Scientist, the Statue, and Einstein.
Carol, Richard, Marcia, Trent, and Carol.
X squared equals one over t, so if you want to find x, you have the square root of x squared.Square root of two thirds, yeah. But then you got the other one NathanOh, gosh, hmLeah.
The father, the church, the leather glove. The Beast.
Betty (Mrs. Claus),Santa Claus,Santa's Village.
Tyler's grandmother used to take him to church when her parents were away.
Derya, the woman in the yellow dress (the airsurfer),Frankfurt is a city of falling mites.
“Cara,Chubby guy,Mom’s down at Dillard’s.”
The Garden, the Rain, and the Whale.
The Valley of Giants is a collection of short stories written in the 1930s and 1940s. The author was an avid traveler who spent much of her time traveling.
Jacques Chalmers,Kethlan system,The Enemy.
Master Lunre, the narrator's father, was an Olondrian who lived on the island of Bain.
The Moon,The Garden,Sea-Worms and the Moon-cursed waters.
Renata, the Narrator's Mother, is the inspiration for this novel. The Doctor is the main character.
Robert Paglino,Siri,Ted Bundy.
Jenna McMasters,Manhattan,Pixies.
Rachel Rook,Carroll,Jellicoh College and the author of Stranger Things Happen.
Pete was leaning against the wall, watching the street go by. A voice inside his nose told him to sneeze.
Steven,DIY Dentistry,Steven's House, and Steven's Perfect Teeth.
Time Machine,The Sun,Monstrous Crab-like Creature, and The Further Vision.
Veronique,Earth,Scathalos and the outrunners.
Christian Rosencreutz,Johann Valentin Andreae,The Chemical Wedding.
Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about'self-medicating' ants.
October is National Magic Month in the United States. William Evans is the president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians.
Noam Chomsky is a professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage's column Savage Love.
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h.
The new sea anemone (Edwardsiella andrillae) was discovered in Antarctica.
There's a misconception in this industry, says owner of a dungeon.
Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming.
Jack Herrick, founder of wikiHow, talks about what wikiHow is and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license for his site.
Christopher Hill is a U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate. Hill has served in the Air Force and served as an Officer in the United States Air Force.
Robert Sarvis is the Libertarian Party's nominee for Governor of Virginia.
Simon Ličen, Assistant Professor in Educational Leadership, Sport Studies and Educational / Counseling Psychology at Washington State University. The 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia, will be broadcast on NBC.
LibriVox is the brainchild of Hugh McGuire and Lawrence Lessig.
Tina McKenzie, a former member of the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, known as the Gliders, retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Frank Messina,The 'Mets Poet',Walt Whitman.
The Onion,The New York Times,Stephen Colbert.
Shimon Peres: "The future is only peace. The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for"
Aner Shalev is a Professor at Hebrew University of Jerusalem's Einstein Institute of Mathematics.
Andrew Westphal is the director of Stardust @ home.
All-girl Afghan team, which consists entirely of girls, had been denied visas to enter the United States until last week. U.S. President Donald Trump personally took action to allow the team into the country. Afghan Ambassador to the United States Hamdullah Mohib said participation of this team in this science competition shows progress in Afghanistan's response to nearly two decades of military conflict.
Over 900 asylum seekers rescued off Indonesian coast. Includes Bangladeshis and Rohingya, a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar.Indonesian Navy,Rohingya,
Texas student Ahmed Mohamed inspires social movement.
Strong winds and heavy rain caused a crane to fall into Mecca's Grand Mosque.
Daniel Montalvo, 19, a member of Scientology all his life, was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org.
New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative election.
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend.
New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design.
Anonymous (hacker) shuts down Church of Scientology website.
Thomas Sam, 42, and his wife Manju Sam, 36, from Sydney, Australia, are undergoing trial for manslaughter.
Microsoft,Internet Explorer 6,Internet Explorer 9 (IE9)
Valeska Paris, an Australian woman and former Scientologist, has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship, Freewinds.
Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study,Professor Cres Eastman,Food Standards Australia and New Zealand.
North Korea puts military in 'quasi-state of war'
Taipei City Lantern Festival,Chiang Kai Shek Memorial,Hau Lung-bin - Taipei city mayor.
NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch. NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces new homes for retired shuttles.
Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets.
Sweden, Belgium, England win three points Tuesday, June 19, 2018.
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the Hajj pilgrimage.
Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools. Italian Supreme Court of Cassation recognises request.
Warhol's photo legacy spread by university exhibits Tuesday, January 28, 2014 Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper, famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider.
Scientists analyse effects of global warming, atmospheric ozone on crops.
Greek court rules worship of ancient Greek deities is legal. Ancient Greek religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites.
Bobby Flay,Anne Burrell,Amanda (a character from Austin on FN) explain why very few actually Beat Bobby Flay.
"I do device repairs & technical support for quite a few families and businesses locally, and a couple of years back received an emergency call" The "important data" was her Candy Crush progress.
"Lady talking on the phone at Panera,Wife of the narrator,Narrator"
Standing desk,Natacha Jiatt,Tyrannosaurus Rex Skeleton.
Escape The Room Employees, what is the weirdest thing you've seen someone do in one of the rooms?
Democratic society operates according to “majority rule, minority rights.”
Introverts, Reddit,Extroverts.
Federal Reserve,US Government,Fiat Currency.
Monstropolis is the only city in a destroyed world.
In times of poor food availability, white tail deer stop/slow reproduction.
The Hiring Process Vol. 3 / Polygraph and Deception Detection Devices Polygraph and other deception detection devices.
America,European countries,Black Lives Matter movement.
Ring is one of those things, IMO, that some dweeb voice teacher heard sitting in an audience from a real opera singer.
PhD program,Social events (including club meetings, BBQs, happy hours),Introvert personality.
NASA,The Martian,Apollo 13 are all fakes.
The wife's boss, the steak, the steak.
The 35-year-old cousin who had a stroke is still in recovery.
The film Snyder showed the studio execs in mid 2015 was without a doubt the original cut. The studio should ve just released the UE.
The General Assembly of the United Nations,The Albanian Government,NATO and the European Union.
This year has confirmed the importance of the United Nations as a multilateral forum for addressing today's global problems.
More than 2,000 people installed these in their balconies, in their schools and so on, to get a real-time sensor of their IoT devices but not just IoT. This is another of the g0v projects the environmental agency.
Jawaharlal Nehru's Inaugural Address 14 August 1947.
Nancy Pelosi delivered remarks on the Floor of the House of Representatives in support of H. R. 1280, the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2021.
United Nations,Security Council,Syrian-led constitutional committee.
Donald John Trump, the President of Ukraine, is being impeached.
Senator Hatfield, Mr. Chief Justice, Mr. President, Vice President Bush, Vice President Mondale, Senator Baker, Speaker O'Neill, Reverend Moomaw, and my fellow citizens.
Joe Biden,KAMALA HARRIS,Amanda Gorman: "I am full of hope"
The individual had entered the country two days earlier after spending some weeks in Iran. They are currently in a stable and improving condition at Auckland Hospital.
President of the United States,Watergate,Vice President Ford.
In 1960, Democrats of this city produced a margin in the presidential race that was in this city three times as large as it was in the whole United States. As a Democrat, as one who believes in the Democratic Party, I am proud to be here in Philadelphia.
School of Open Africa,Creative Commons Africa,Kenya Vision 2030.
First images from the James Webb Space Telescope will be released in 2022.
Trump: "I beat China all the timeAll the time" "When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions"
Many Americans who migrated to Texas at the invitation of the Mexican government did not completely shed their identity or loyalty to the United States. The Texas War for Independence,General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna,Mexican leader.
In American culture, winking, related to the normal biological function of blinking, takes on special meaning.
Chinese Tradition of Artistic Excellence,Western Art Tradition,Aesthetics of Guqin Music.
Greek philosophers (Leucippus, Democritus, and Aristotle) discussed the structure of matter.
Cognition,Concepts and Prototypes,Cognitive Psychology, and Learning Objectives.
Evernote,Airbnb,Hilton and Marriott are just a few examples of successful entrepreneurs.
Moral Facts,Evolutionary Ethics,Michael Ruse.
Government (in general),Representative Democracy,United States Government.
Motivation,Resilience and Grit,Angela Duckworth.
Olmec civilization,Maya civilization,Beringia.
Division of Labor,Smith,Economies of Scale.
Ethnocentrism,Cultural Relativism,Xenocentrism.
Learn about Einstein’s view of gravity,Newton’s concept of the gravitational force,Spacetime and Gravity.
Quartiles,Percentiles,Median and Percentiles are common measures of the location of the data.
Abraham Lincoln,African American Soldiers, and the Confederacy.
The speaker, the speaker's neighbor, and the speaker's therapist.
Yoga class,Saxby's,Gordon Ramsay and more.
Jasmine shares her experience with Covid. Follow Jasmine on Twitter @jasthenurse and on her social media @covidjasmine.
Neuroscience final exam,Med school class,Friend Megumi's birthday. Neuroscience finals.
Shawntas Way talks about her new product line and extreme moisture bomb routine.
Glacier National Park,Adidas Terrex shoes,Going-To-The-Sun Road.
Pat McGrath lipstick,Too Faced Melted Matte Liquid Lipstick,Ashton Liquid Lipstick by Anastasia Beverly Hills.
Kharma Medic takes you on a room tour of his home in London.
Jackie is currently in the car on her way to Alexander Springs for a mermaid photo shoot. After that she is headed to Orlando to visit her parents and do Harry Potter World.
This is Mrs. Pellegrino! Ciao! And Nonna Lina!
Katie talks about her two and a half week vacation to Portland, Oregon. She also talks about her trip to Crater Lake.
Pregnant woman,Pregnancy,Baby.
YouTube,General Nuclear Medicine,Ultrasound. What's up YouTube?
Starbucks,Vans,DSW and more.
Bremen,South Africa,Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay-Pinot Noir.
King Theseus unified the ten tribes of early Athens into one kingdom (c. 1230 BC) It was the host city for the 2004 Summer Olympic Games.
The Chatham Islands (Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand.
Cleveland is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio.
Coron,Busuanga Island,Palawan, Philippines.
For information specific to U.S. citizens see Americans in Cuba.
Fort Lee is located between the Paramus, NJ retail corridor and Upper Manhattan. Fort Lee,George Washington Bridge,Main Street, and Fort Lee Historic Park are located in the city.
Guadeloupe is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean, and is a French overseas department. Its main islands are Basse Terre and Grande Terre.
Isfahan,Tehran,Naqsh-e Jahan or Esfahan is a city in central Iran, south of Tehran. It is known for its beautiful hand-painted tiling and magnificent public square.
Łódź,Textile Industry,Warsaw.
Mérida Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico. It was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho.
Often overshadowed by San Francisco, Oakland has in recent years began to step out from under the shadows. Some of the distinctive skyline of Downtown Oakland, including the Kaiser Building and the Cathedral of Christ the Light.
Phoenix,Arizona,Hohokam language and culture.
Due to its remarkable biodiversity, with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else, Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Sydfynske Øhav (South Funen Archipelago) is located south of the Danish island of Funen, at the mouth of the Baltic Sea. It is one of Denmark's most scenic areas, and should be a top destination of anyone taking the time to explore Denmark outside the capital.
Thais,Wai,Buddhism.
Tulsa Tulsa is in the Green Country region of Oklahoma. Tulsa has over 225 days of sunshine annually. Tulsa International Airport is located in Tulsa.
Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga, about 150 miles north of Tongatapu. The waters of the islands are known for their clarity, it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres. The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November.
York,Roman Empire,Viking Festival.
Arrogant People can be a source of potential pain.
How to Ballet Dance,Ballet Shoes,Ballet Studio and more.
Basil comes in many different varieties, each of which have a unique flavor and smell. Basil,Seeds,Frost and Ice are the most common methods of growing basil.
Beavertail Cactus, found primarily in the Mojave Desert and northwest Mexico.
Chicken,Biologists,Predators: How to Hypnotize a Chicken.
Two Methods: Basic Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes and Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes.
An elevator is almost the perfect environment to be a prankster. Use these tips to annoy people on an elevator.
MSN, AIM, Facebook Chat,Manic Albatross,Texas Flynn.
Glowstick,Luminol,Hydrogen Peroxide.
Joke,Audience,Material and Delivery: How to Tell a Joke.
You can even use a made up word from your made up language like 'Victory' or 'Great Language' Use short words such as 'and' or 'I' or 'one' or 'the'
Mice,Peppermint Oil,Cat urine and cat faeces are all good deterrents.
Overalls,Washing Machine,Straps. How to Wash Overalls in a Washing Machine.
Boxes should be marked "Fragile" and "Thi"
Double Parachute Failure,Skydiving,Reserve Parachute Malfunction.
Procrastination,To-do list,Workday.
Muggle Quidditch is the main wizarding sport in the Harry Potter series.
Quinoa is rich in protein and much lighter than other grains.
Skittles,Vodka,Dishwasher Bottle Method.
