Aesthetic appreciation, Spanish art, eye-tracking, 17th Century Zurbarán paintings.
Tenured and tenure-track university faculty play a special role in determining the speed and direction of scientific progress.a novel system, computer science, all tenure-track faculty.
The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America.
New Institutional Economics, Property Rights, and Credibility of the State’s Commitment.
Eegimaa is a Jóola language spoken in the Basse Casamance area of Southern Senegal by a population estimated to be between 7,000 (Bassène, 2007) and 11,200 speakers (Lewis, Simons, & Fennig, 2014) Jóola languages are found in the Gambia, in the former Casamance region of Southern Senegal and in Guinea Bissau.
Distant Rhythm: Automatic Enjambment Detection on Four Centuries of Spanish Sonnets.
Epistemic pollution, experts, and charlatans. Agents can rationally choose between experts if the criteria that distinguish genuine experts from charlatans are common sense.
Research on adult-learned second language (L2) has provided considerable insight into the neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the learning and processing of L2 grammar. However, it is not enough to have attained such native-like levels, it is also desirable to retain them, even in the absence of continued practice or exposure to the L2. We examine the outcomes of such a period of no exposure on the neurocognition of an adult learner.
The attention is the main point made in this study, since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools.Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition.
a word like ‘Huh?’, repair, is spoken in 10 languages from 5 continents.
We hypothesized that the children, who were over the age of six at the time of collection, would have adult-like SI interpretations. We expected that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over providing truth value judgments.
Digital Humanities Clinics - Leading Dutch Librarians into DH.
Utilization of busted CFL in developing cheap and efficient segmented compact LED bulbs. Lighting takes a large part on the consumption of household electrical energy particularly in the Philippines.
Mutation-based testing is a test technique that involves artificially introducing errors into a System Under Test (SUT) This article defines specific mutation operators for testing Geographic Information Systems.
Replication in Second Language Research: Narrative and Systematic Reviews and Recommendations for the Field.
Salinity is one of the most important marine parameters. It controls many processes such as physical circulations.
The posterior displacement of the CoM produced a more vertically oriented femur during standing. The addition of an artificial tail during ontogeny can produce postural and locomotory changes in chickens, consistent with the posture and kinematics inferred for non-avian dinosaurs.
Game of Thrones is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder (1991) and popularized by Henry Jenkins (2006)
Daniel Bernoulli was a Swiss mathematician and physicist. He is best known for his work on the theory of blood pressure.
Byron was the younger son of John Edleston and his wife Mary.
Chao was born in Tianjin, China, and studied at Cornell University and Harvard University.
Antonín Dvořák (8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904) was a Czech composer. His works have been performed in the UK, the US, and Germany.
In 1859, Norton proclaimed himself "Norton I, Emperor of the United States" He later expanded his pretense by claiming to be "Protector of Mexico" Norton died in 1880.
Pierre Charles L'Enfant (1754 - June 14, 1825) was a French-born U.S. military engineer. He designed the basic plan for Washington, D.C. (capital city of the U.S.) known today as the L'enfant Plan (1791) He served in the American Revolutionary War on the side of the rebelling colonials. He died in New York City in 1825.
Charles J. Fillmore was an American linguist and Professor of Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley.
Siméon Poisson declared Galois' work "incomprehensible" Galois returned to mathematics after his expulsion from the École Normale.
Matthew Goode (born 3 April 1978) is an English character actor. Made his screen debut in 2002 with ABC's TV film feature Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister. Breakthrough role was in the romantic comedy, Chasing Liberty (2004)
Patrick Leopold Gordon of Auchleuchries (31 March 1635 in Aberdeenshire, Scotland – 29 November 1699 in Moscow, Russia) was a general and rear admiral in Russia.
Zaha Hadid was an Iraqi-British architect. She was born in 1950 in Baghdad, Iraq.
Natsu Higuchi was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period. Specialized in short stories.
Brock Holt is an American professional baseball second baseman, shortstop and outfielder for the Boston Red Sox. He first played in MLB for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 2012.
Jerome Jerome (c. 347 – 30 September 420) was a Latin Catholic priest, confessor, theologian, and historian. He is best known for his translation of most of the Bible into Latin (the translation that became known as the Vulgate)
Otto Jespersen (1860 – 30 April 1943) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language. He is best known for his work on Copenhage.
Jenna Marbles is an American YouTube personality, vlogger, comedian and actress. Her channel has approximately 3.1 billion video views and 19.5 million subscribers. Marbles is the first social media star to have a wax figure displayed in Madame Tussauds Museum.
Jeanne Moreau, Elevator to the Gallows (1958), Jules and Jim (1958)
Eugene Nida (November 11, 1914 – August 25, 2011) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory. He was one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies.
Jared Padalecki is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural.
Theodorus of Tabennese (c. 314 – 368) was the spiritual successor to Pachomius.
CNN's "Apparently This Matters" airs weeknights at 10 p.m. ET/PT.
Mae, you don't need to go borrow equipment from anybody, to to do the feet? Do the hooves? Well, we're gonna have to find somewhere, to get, something So, Mae – I'm gonna Mae Lynne
Judy, mom, dad, this sweater, this bread. That's to JudyYou probably have one like it already.
Mitchell Roberts, versus Matthew Collins, ABC Builders Interiors. Roberts is suing Collins for $700 for labor installing a carpet.
Erasmus, Martin Luther, this freedom of the will.
Sherry, Bill, Carolyn and Bill Wilson have been married for a year and a half.
Mom, last night, Orthohantavirus struck. He's teething.
This child, this child, Lisa, Lisa, Gino, Gino.
Are you — do they still teach at Bahia on Sunday? Night? Oh yeahIn fact I would have gone today, if it wasn't for my backWell I finally found some people there I can dance withSo that helps.
Sam, interest in retirement, Duvall, a political appointee, everybody on there.
"smartass, Jennifer, and loser" play their cards right.
Back in the psychedelic days, there was this poster of the scientist.
Marcia, fracture, Carol.
Nathan is trying to figure out what the square root of negative two thir – thi – two thirds is. Leah is doing the Karate Kid, Nathan.
The Beast is a novel about the relationship between a young boy and his father. The author's father used to call her Muscles.
The Last Christmas of Mrs. Claus by Alex Wilson Betty was thirty-eight and still believed in Santa Claus.
Tyler, his grandmother, the memory of a certain visit from her lifted his spirit.
Derya is a woman who fell from the Holbeinsteg bridge in Frankfurt.
Everyone’s just watching the weird retarded girl except this one chubby guy who’s trying to get her to put down the lights. “I’m her brother,” I say.
The day it rained in the garden. The captain, mermaids, the rain and more.
The traveler, Valley of Giants, was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront.
Kethlan, the Kethlan system, the Enemy's home.
The day began as it usually did when my father was expected home from his travels, the house festooned with flowers and stocked with coconut liquor.
"I hate the moon, white lotos-blossoms, a vast and nameless sea"
Glamour writer Sonia Sotomayor shares her story of coping with Alzheimer's.
RobertÂPaglino, a superlative observer, was a friend of Ted Bundy's.
“Jenna, Robert, Ramon, the pixies.’  Daisy by Andrew Willett.
Stranger Things Happen - Water Off a Black Dog’s Back. Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents.
“I think I’ve got a fairy stuck up my nose.” “S’ not true!” came a voice from inside the nose. “You make me want to sneeze!”
Steven wanted to be a dentist when he was growing up. He had a collection of instruments that he kept in a glass cabinet.
The Further Vision is a book of short stories by the same name.
Veronique, from Earth, is a hero of mine.
Christian Rosenkreuz, Chemical Wedding, the lion and the lion.
Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about'self-medicating' ants. Formica fusca, an ant species that can form thousand-strong colonies.
October is National Magic Month in the United States. William Evans, president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians, talks about the current state of magic.
Interview with US political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky. Noam Chomsky on NATO, the Soviet Union, and more.
Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail.
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h, as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength? Yes, all tropical cyclones are driven by high heat content waters.
Marymegan Daly says she was 'amazed and really excited' by the discovery. She wants to help collect more animals from Antarctica.
BDSM as business: An interview with the owners of a dungeon.
Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming. What is Heaven Sent Gaming?
Jack Herrick, wikiHow founder interviewed by Wikinews.
Christopher Hill, U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate. Hill served as an Officer in the US Air Force.
Robert Sarvis is the Libertarian Party's nominee for Governor of Virginia.
The 2014 Winter Paralympics will be held in Sochi, Russia. Simon Ličen is an assistant professor at Washington State University.
LibriVox records public domain audiobooks.
Tina McKenzie is a former member of the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, known as the Gliders. She retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. McKenzie is currently competing in the 2014 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship.
Frank Messina: An Interview with the 'Mets Poet' New York Mets.
The Onion: An interview with 'America's Finest News Source'
Shimon Peres is a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel.
Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev. Shalev is a Professor at Hebrew University of Jerusalem's Einstein Institute of Mathematics.
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild. A collaborative online review process would be used to "discover" the small samples.
After visa snags, all-girl Afghan team honored for 'courageous achievement' at international robotics competition. FIRST Global Challenge Robot Olympics in the Daughters of the American Revolution Constitution Hall in Washington D.C.
Fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank off the coast of Aceh, Indonesia.
Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old boy from Irving, Texas, was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school. Mohamed received VIP attention at Google headquarters in California at the Google Science Fair.
A storm caused a crane to fall into Mecca's Grand Mosque.
Scientology defector arrested after attempting to leave organization Saturday, October 9, 2010. Daniel Montalvo, 19, was arrested after leaving the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org.
Hong Kong legislative election held on Sunday, with a record-breaking turnout of around 2 million voters.
Pop culture celebrated at Fan Expo Canada 2016 in Toronto Wednesday, September 7, 2016. The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend, attracting thousands to the event, one of the most popular in North America.
New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design. The current New Zealand flag is partially based on the United Kingdom's flag.
Hackers attack Church of Scientology website. Incident prompted by Church of Scientology's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube.
Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter's death.
Microsoft, Internet Explorer 6, and Internet Explorer 9 are being phased out.
Australian woman claims Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship, Freewinds.
Almost half of all Australian primary school children are iodine deficient. Iodine deficiency is "the sleeper health issue in Australia"
North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire yesterday.
The Taipei City Lantern Festival was off to a bright start on Saturday Night as hundreds of thousands of people crowded onto the Chiang Kai Shek Memorial.
NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch; announces new homes for retired shuttles Wednesday, April 13, 2011 NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program.
Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets. Document detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database.
FIFA World Cup 2018 day five: Sweden, Belgium, England win three points.
Hundreds dead in Hajj stampede Thursday, January 12, 2006 The Plains of Arafat on the day of Hajj.
Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools. Requests come from Bogliasco, next to Genova, and Livorno.
Warhol's photo legacy spread by university exhibits Tuesday, January 28, 2014. At the University of Southern Indiana, the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints opened.
Scientists analyse effects of global warming, atmospheric ozone on crops. Over 2000 - 2050 on the worldwide production of wheat, rice, maize and soybean.
Greek court rules worship of ancient Greek deities is legal. Worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites.
Many think the show is rigged, but Flay's record is a product of selective casting.
Emergency callout: Customer crushed without important data!
"We noticed a lady be hind us talking on the phone very loudly" "She announced that she was about to read her card number" "I'm ready for your card n"
Which conspiracy theory is so believable that it might be true?
Employees, what is the weirdest thing you've seen someone do in one of the rooms?
Democratic society operates according to “majority rule, minority rights” We should strive for equality, but also practicality. We should keep assuming others’ gender and pronouns, but be respectful if corrected.
An introvert redditor says dating takes effort, and will tire him out even if he has a good time. He is an introvert with "short range extroversion capabilities", a serious introvert.
debt, fiat currency, money, gold.
The only company ever mentioned in relation to the energy crisis is Monsters, Inc. This is further underlined when dialogue from the second movie only ever refers to Monsters, Inc as the destination for those who want to be scarers.
Humans, rat, and Giant panda are the only species that try and stop themselves from reproducing.
The Hiring Process Vol. 3 / Polygraph and Deception Detection Devices Polygraph and other deception detection devices.
As an American, we obviously learn about US history to a much greater extent than I imagine any of you guys would in school.
Is this ring? http://vocaroo.com/i/s1tDCvWpykHC Is that ring I'm hearing? I feel I sang quite well here, but then it's often hard to find back to this voice.
Social events, networking events, and other social events are social requirements for grad students.
We know shit-all about space. When we see an astronaut in the iss, is there really someone in a craft up there or is it all created in a studio somewhere?
TIFU by throwing my steak out a window, my wife's boss, and my wife's boss.
Stroke survivors: how "aware" were you just after you stabilized and were unable to speak? My 35 year old cousin just had a stroke and is still in recovery.
The film Snyder showed the studio execs in mid 2015 was without a doubt the original cut. Having a 2 hour set up of character building and dialogue isn't the best strategy when marketing to GA.
Albania is a member of the European Union. Albania is also a member of NATO.
The U.N.,  Austria,  Germany,  France,  Italy,  Norway,  Sweden,  Denmark,  Finland,  Iceland,  Latvia,  Lithuania,  Poland,  Russia,  South Africa,  Tunisia,  Egypt,  Libya,  Saudi Arabia,  Sudan,  UAE,  Syria,  Yemen,  Iraq,  Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Syria, Libya, Tunisia, Egypt, Libya. The United Nations, the U.N. Security Council, the European Union, the United States, Russia, China, Japan, South Korea, France, Britain, Germany, Italy, France, Spain, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Netherlands, Italy, Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Germany, U.S.
Taiwan, the government, the numbers of all the atmosphere and meteorological data.
Nehru: At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the world sleeps, India will awake to life and freedom.
Pelosi Floor Speech in Support of the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2021.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says the world is in a state of disquiet. The United Nations is a place of hope and hope for many, he says. Ban calls for a return to 'diplomacy for peace'
"I solemnly swear that in all things appertaining to the trial of the impeachment of Donald John Trump, President of the United States" That is the oath Senators swore on January 16.
this administration's objective, government, the longest and one of the worst sustained inflations in our national history.
Sen. Kamala Harris, D-California, was sworn in as a member of the U.S. Senate on January 20, 2021.
New Zealand recorded its first case of the COVID-19 coronavirus.
Vice President Ford made the announcement in an address to the nation on August 8, 1974. The speech was titled, "Announcing Decision To Resign the Office of President of the United States"
John F. Kennedy: "I am proud to come here to Philadelphia and join my fellow Democrats" "In 1960, the Democrats of this city produced a margin in the presidential race that was in this city three times as large as it was in the whole United States"
School of Open – Africa, ICT, kenya.
Remarks by President Biden and Vice President Harris in a Briefing to Preview the First Images from the James Webb Space Telescope.
Donald Trump was speaking at Trump Tower in New York. He said the crowd was "beyond anybody's expectations" Trump said some of the candidates "didn't know the air-conditioner didn't work"
Many Americans who migrated to Texas at the invitation of the Mexican government did not completely shed their identity or loyalty to the United States.
In American culture, winking, related to the normal biological function of blinking, takes on special meaning in social interactions.
beauty, a shift of focus from the emphasis on aesthetic properties of the objects to the subjective experience involved in aesthetic appreciation, is seen in Chinese art.
Learn how to use John Dalton’s atomic theory to explain the laws of definite and multiple proportions. Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN.
Learn about cognition, concepts, and the brain.
In the agriculture industry, insects, weeds, weather conditions, and the challenges of harvesting crops are all ripe for entrepreneurial activities.
An Entrepreneurial Mindset in Your Discipline or Field, Airbnb, the established hotel industry.
The United States has two types of government. One is a representative democracy, the other is a republic.
The Motivated Learner is an online course on how to become a better learner. In this section, you will learn how to make conscious decisions about the methods of learning you will use (based on what you intend to do with the information) There are three main motivation concepts that have been found to directly relate to learning.
Olmecs, the Maya, and the Incas were among the first inhabitants of what would be named the Americas.
Why the Division of Labor Increases Production.specialization in a particular small job allows workers to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage.
When confronted with all of the differences of a new culture, one may experience disorientation and frustration.
Albert Einstein, Spacetime and Gravity. How can light, which has no mass, be affected by gravity?
2.3 Measures of the Location of the Data, The median, The interquartile range.
The Union, the Confederacy, and African Americans. 15.4 The Union Triumphant Learning Objectives
Good morning everybody, welcome back to another vlog. This week, I talk about my appearance, pimple patches, and therapy.
Harry has a busy day today. He has yoga, class, a meeting and dinner.
Hey, what's up everyone?
Neuroscience finals will be held on May 7th and 8th. My friend,
"Shawntas Way" airs weekdays at 8 p.m. ET.
"Hiking in Glacier, it's not muddy it's just the dusty dirt paths are very dustyThey are all cleaned up!"
Dose of Colors definitely does not have an expiration date on their products.
Jackie, my friend, and Harry Potter's best friend.
Kharma Medic, a room, a room and a bed.
Portland, Crater Lake, the first thing that I recommend you do in Portland .
Mrs. Pellegrino, Nonna Lina, Low - key Saturday vlog. Â
I am pregnant, I decided I do want to document this some way.
We are going to do a week of me vlogging, some ultrasounds, general nuclear medicine.
This week is the last week of the semester. This week is also the first week of the holiday season. This is an exchange show.
My favorite wine, your favorite, cheese.
Archaeological Sites, Athens, Greece, Spring and late autumn.
The Chatham Islands (Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand.
Cleveland, Ohio, is home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum. It is one of the largest cities in the United States.
Coron is in the province of Palawan, Philippines on Busuanga Island.
A tourist visa card (visa de tarjeta del turista) is necessary.
Fort Lee is located between the Paramus, NJ retail corridor and Upper Manhattan. Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as Fort Lee Historic Park.
Guadeloupe is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean.
Isfahan is a city in central Iran, south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province.
Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century textile industry boom. Due to its history, the city has an impressive collection of 19th-century architecture.
Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico. It was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a Maya city called T'ho.
Oakland, California, is home to some of the Bay Area's most famous residents. The city is best known for its downtown area, but also for its East and West Oakland neighborhoods.
The city is located in the Sonoran Desert. It is home to the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. The city is known as Phoenix in Spanish and Phoenix in English.
Over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else, Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. There are four hotels in Hadibo, one of the most famous is the Taj Socotra Hotel.
Sydfynske Øhav, the South Funen Archipelago, is located south of the Danish island of Funen, comprising 55 islands and islets, at the mouth of the Baltic Sea, with a bit more than 20,000 inhabitants in total. The area has a milder climate than the country's average, and because of this, is home to flora and fauna not seen anywhere else in Denmark.
The traditional greeting known as the wai, is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India, and still widely practised. Thais are remarkably tolerant of foreigners gallivanting on their beaches and with their women.
The city of Tulsa and the Tulsa metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010.
Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga, about 150 miles north of Tongatapu. The islands are known for their clarity, it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres.
York is a city in Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, England.
Arrogant people tend to live in a fantasy land that caters to them and them only.
Ballet, ballet dancing, and ballet shoes are some of the most popular forms of dance.
Basil comes in many different varieties, each of which have a unique flavor and smell. Basil can be grown from seed, the ground, or as sprouts.
Beavertail cactus, seeds, and cuttings are easy to grow.
How to Hypnotize a Chicken.
Vegan Cupcakes, made with almond milk and soy, can be baked in the oven for up to 24 hours.
The elevator is almost the perfect environment to be a prankster. Push all the buttons, all the buttons.
The first step to flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in! Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day, asking them a specific question about work or school, or simply saying "Hi!" There's no reason to be nervous when it comes to IM flirting.
Hydrogen peroxide, Luminol, and baking soda are the key to making a glowstick.
Every joke, from the content to the length, needs to be suited to your audience.
Name your language, the highly frequently used words, your friends and your family.
How to Get Rid of Mice Naturally. Use peppermint oil,  garbage can,  mice spray.
How to Wash Overalls in a Washing Machine. The straps on adults’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead. Use the strap adjusters on the bottom of the washing machine.
Boxes should be marked "Fragile" and "Thi"
Both your primary and reserve parachutes, your arms, a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute, may malfunction.
a to-do list, The most famous method of working to strict time controls.
Muggle Quidditch is the main wizarding sport in the Harry Potter series. There are many different ways of playing Quidditch, but the most commonly used set of rules are those given by the International Quidditch Association (which can be found here)
Quinoa, like rice, can be cooked in a variety of ways. Quinoa can be used to cook mushrooms.
Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka. Skittles, the green, bottles, and "Skittled" Vodka Dishwasher Bottle Method.
