Aesthetic Appreciation and Spanish Art: Insights from Eye-Tracking.
Tenured and tenure-track university faculty play a special role in scientific progress.
The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America.
New Institutional Economics: Theoretical Foundations and Application to the Argentine Case 2.1.
Eegimaa is a Jóola language spoken in the Basse Casamance area of Southern Senegal.
Enjambment takes place when a syntactic unit is broken up across two lines of poetry.
We live in an epistemic environment that is heavily and deliberately polluted by agents who use mimicry and other methods.
Research on adult-learned second language (L2) has provided considerable insight into the neurocognitive mechanisms underlying the learning and processing of L2 grammar.
The Use of Cognitive Digital Games in School: Contributions to Attention.
The sound of the word dog in English is connected to the concept ‘dog’ by historical accident.
4.1. Limitations.
Digital Humanities Clinics - Leading Dutch Librarians into DH.
Utilization of busted CFL in developing cheap and efficient segmented compact LED bulbs.
Design of Mutation Operators for Testing Geographic Information Systems.
Replication studies are considered by many to play a fundamental role in any scientific endeavor.
Salinity is one of the most important marine parameters, which controls many processes.
Results indicate a shift from the standard bird, knee-driven bipedal locomotion to a more hip-driven locomotion.
Re(a)d Wedding: A Comparative Discourse Analysis of Fan Responses to Game of Thrones.
Daniel Bernoulli was a Swiss mathematician and physicist.
Byron received his early formal education at Aberdeen Grammar School.
Chao was an interpreter for Bertrand Russell.
Antonín Dvořák (8 September 1841 – 1 May 1904) was a Czech composer.
In 1859, Norton proclaimed himself "Norton I, Emperor of the United States" He later expanded his pretense by claiming to be "Protector of Mexico"
Pierre Charles L'Enfant (1754 – June 14, 1825) was a French-born American military engineer.
Charles J. Fillmore (August 9, 1929 – February 13, 2014) was an American linguist.
Siméon Poisson declared Galois' paper on the theory of equations "incomprehensible"
Matthew Goode (born 3 April 1978) is an English character actor.
Patrick Leopold Gordon of Auchleuchries was a general and rear admiral.
Zaha Hadid was an Iraqi-British architect. She was made a Dame by Elizabeth II in 2012.
Natsu Higuchi (1872 – November 23, 1896) was a Japanese author.
Brock Holt is an American professional baseball second baseman, shortstop and outfielder for the Boston Red Sox.
Jerome was a Latin Catholic priest, confessor, theologian, and historian.
Otto Jespersen was a Danish linguist.
Marbles is the first social media star to have a wax figure displayed in Madame Tussauds Museum.
Jeanne Moreau (23 January 1928 – 31 July 2017) was a French actress.
Eugene Nida (November 11, 1914 – August 25, 2011) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory.
Jared Padalecki is an American actor. He is best known for playing Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural.
Theodorus of Tabennese (c. 314 – 368) was the spiritual successor to Pachomius.
Cool Cool Cool is a weekly, offbeat look at what's trending on social media.
So you don't need to go borrow equipment from anybody, to to do the feet? Do the hooves? Well, we're gonna have to find somewhere, to get, something.
That's to JudyYou probably have one like it already.
The next case will be Mitchell Roberts, versus Matthew Collins, ABC Builders Interiors.
Erasmus laid the egg, which Luther hatched.
YeahDo they have any kids? Hm-m
He's teething.
What'd you do Sabrina? Nothing.
Are you — do they still teach at Bahia on Sunday? Night? Oh yeah.
Sam has been, has taken such an interest in this retirement bit that it really surprises me.
We need a — Do you have any sharp objects on you? NoKeys? No I need like a little pin or something.
"I've always been on a, kind of a crusade, for scientific uh, responsibilityRight?
Okay, so a recheck would be about that much with the x-rays, and then — MhmDoes that sound right?
Am I doing that right so far? Mhm.
The Beast was published by Simon & Schuster in 1989.
The Last Christmas of Mrs. Claus by Alex Wilson.
When Tyler's grandmother died, grief overwhelmed him.
"Falling" is a novel about a woman who falls from a skyscraper.
Cara is developmentally delayed.
The day it rained in the garden.
The Valley of Giants is a book about life in the city of New York.
— Prologue — It had taken only a matter of hours for the Kethlan system to become a tumbling sea of debris.
Chapter Two: Master Lunre.
What the Moon Brings.
Oversite is a weekly, non-fiction look at the world through the eyes of a writer.
Robert Paglino was a friend of Ted Bundy's.
Daisy by Andrew Willett is published by Simon & Schuster.
Stranger Things Happen - Water Off a Black Dog’s Back.
“S’ not true!” came a voice from inside the nose in question.
Steven wanted to be a dentist when he was growing up. He had a collection of dental instruments which he kept in a glass cabinet. 'Perfect Teeth' is published by Simon & Schuster at £16.99.
The Further Vision is a collection of short stories by the same name.
Veronique stayed with me that night in my blankets and furs.
The Chemical Wedding is now more enjoyable without knowing that context, and experiencing the book unmediat.
Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about'self-medicating' ants.
Wikinews interviews William Evans, president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians.
Interview with US political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky.
Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail.
Cyclone Phailin has winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has moved inland, headed on a northwest track.
Marymegan Daly says she was 'amazed and really excited'
There's a misconception in this industry, he says.
Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming. General questions and answers.
Jack Herrick, wikiHow founder interviewed by Wikinews.
Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill, U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate.
Robert Sarvis is the Libertarian Party's nominee for Governor of Virginia.
Wikinews interviews academic Simon Ličen about attitudes towards US Paralympics.
Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire.
Tina McKenzie is a former member of the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, known as the Gliders.
Frank Messina: An Interview with the 'Mets Poet'
The Onion: An interview with 'America's Finest News Source'
The future of the peace process in Israel, says Shimon Peres.
Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev.
Andrew Westphal is the director of Stardust @ home.
After visa snags, all-girl Afghan team honored for 'courageous achievement' at international robotics competition.
Over 900 asylum seekers rescued off Indonesian coast.
Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old student from Irving, Texas, was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school. Mohamed inspires a global social movement in support of the youth.
At least 107 killed in Mecca crane collapse.
Scientology defector arrested after attempting to leave organization.
New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative election.
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend.
New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design.
The Church of Scientology's website is being attacked by hackers.
Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter's death.
Microsoft waits for death of Internet Explorer 6 Tuesday, March 8, 2011
Valeska Paris, an Australian woman and former Scientologist, has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years.
Australian children suffering from iodine deficiency.
North Korea puts military in 'quasi-state of war'
Lantern Festival in Taipei lights up the night.
NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch.
Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets.
Sweden, Belgium, England win three points on day five of the 2018 FIFA football World Cup.
Hundreds dead in stampede at Islam's most holy site.
Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools.
Warhol's photo legacy spread by university exhibits.
Scientists analyse effects of global warming, atmospheric ozone on crops.
Greek court rules that worship of ancient Greek deities is legal.
Why very few actually Beat Bobby Flay.
Emergency Callout: Customer crushed without important data!
Be careful what you say in public.
Most glaring instance where this happened to me was when I walked into a colleagues office.
The most depressing shit I saw was a tired looking couple who brought in their bespectacled, NASA shirt wearing, 8 year old geek of a son in to have some fun.
Democratic society operates according to “majority rule, minority rights” We should strive for equality, but also practicality.
The most annoying thing extroverts do is try to force you to be extroverted.
The money that is printed is technically a debt that the Reserve owes the bearer of the note.
Monsters, Inc. is the only company ever mentioned in relation to the energy crisis.
Pandas do a fine job of avoiding reproduction, too.
The Hiring Process Vol. 3 / Polygraph and Deception Detection Devices Polygraph and other deception detection devices.
How do you guys interpret the importance of racial issues seen in America?
Ring is one of those things that some dweeb voice teacher heard sitting in an audience from a real opera singer.
Social Requirements?
We know shit-all about space, the entire conception of distant suns, planets, black -holes, alien life.
TIFU is a weekly, offbeat look at the world through the eyes of a man.
Stroke Survivors: how "aware" were you just after you stabilized and were unable to speak?
The film Snyder showed the studio execs in mid 2015 was without a doubt the original cut.
It is my special pleasure to address the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly.
This year has once again confirmed the importance of the United Nations.
More than 2,000 people installed these in their balconies, in their schools and so on.
Jawaharlal Nehru's Inaugural Address 14 August 1947. "Long years ago we made a tryst with destiny"
Pelosi delivers Floor Speech in Support of the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act of 2021.
The Charter of the United Nations sends a clear message to us all: put people first.
It is an oath rooted in the Revolution to create a republic of laws, not kings.
Senator Hatfield: To a few of us here today this is a solemn and most momentous occasion, and yet in the history of our nation it is a commonplace occurrence.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S65 January 20, 2021 MAIDEN SPEECH.
The individual had entered the country two days earlier after spending some weeks in Iran.
Address to the Nation Announcing Decision To Resign the Office of President.
In 1960, Democrats of this city produced a margin in the presidential race that was in this city three times as large as it was in the whole United States.
Good morning and welcome to the launch of School of Open – Africa.
Remarks by President Biden and Vice President Harris in a Briefing to Preview the First Images from the James Webb Space Telescope.
WowWhoaThat is some group of people.
Many Americans who migrated to Texas at the invitation of the Mexican government did not completely shed their identity or loyalty to the United States.
In American culture, winking, related to the normal biological function of blinking, takes on special meaning in social interactions.
If we browse Chinese classical writings on art criticism, there the category of mei or beauty does not have a dominant presence.
The earliest recorded discussion of the basic structure of matter comes from ancient Greek philosophers.
Learning Objectives: Describe cognition, Distinguish concepts and prototypes.
An Entrepreneurial Mindset in Your Discipline or Field can help you plan your own venture in your own industry.
Are there Moral Facts?
A democracy is a government in which political power rests in the hands of the people.
In this section, you will explore how much of an influence motivation has on learning.
1.1 The Americas, Europe, and Africa Before 1492.
Why the Division of Labor Increases Production.
While all cultures have language, analysis of particular language structures and conversational etiquette reveal tremendous differences.
24.2 Spacetime and Gravity.
The common measures of the location of the data are quartiles and percentiles.
15.4 The Union Triumphant Learning Objectives.
Good morning everybody, welcome back to another vlog.
Good morning friends! I've been having a mental breakdown at 4 am last night.
Jasmine gives an update on her experience with Covid.
Neuroscience finals.
Hey guys! So welcome back to my channel! I cannot believe that I'm actually showing you guys these products!
Good morning! This is what our shoes look like every day after we get done hiking in Glacier.
"It's actually pretty crazy in here"
What is up guys? Kharma Medic here and welcome back to another dose.
This year's theme is a Grecian mermaid.
This is a low-key Saturday vlog.
Katie talks about her trip to Portland, Oregon.
Hi everyone, this is the first week I've been able to say the words "I'm pregnant" and have it not feel really weird.
What's up YouTube? So we are going to do a week of me vlogging.
This week is the last week before the final exam.
So remember how yesterday when I showed you the thingy thing there were like very high waves in the lagoon? Well, today is like the exact opposite.
Athens was the birthplace of Classical Greece, and therefore of Western civilization.
The Chatham Islands are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand.
Cleveland is an urban center of Northeast Ohio, the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States.
Coron Coron is in the province of Palawan, Philippines on Busuanga Island.
For information specific to U.S. citizens see Americans in Cuba.
Fort Lee is located between the Paramus, NJ retail corridor and Upper Manhattan.
Guadeloupe is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean.
Isfahan is a city in central Iran, south of Tehran.
Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century textile industry boom.
Mérida Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico.
Often overshadowed by San Francisco, Oakland has in recent years began to step out from under the shadows.
Phoenix Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona and sixth largest city in the United States.
Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The South Funen Archipelago is located south of the Danish island of Funen, at the mouth of the Baltic Sea.
The traditional greeting known as the wai is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India.
Tulsa is in the Green Country region of Oklahoma.
Vava'u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga, about 150 miles north of Tongatapu.
York York is an ancient cathedral city with a history that dates back to before Roman times.
How to Detect Arrogant People.
Dancing ballet can help develop strong bodies, spatial and temporal awareness.
How to Grow Basil Three Methods: Starting Seeds Caring for Basil Harvesting and Using Basil Basil is easy to grow, and transforms ordinary meals into culinary treasures.
How to Grow Beavertail Cactus.
How to Hypnotize a Chicken.
How to Make Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes and Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes.
How to Annoy People in Elevators.
How to Flirt Through Instant Messaging.
How to Make a Glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick.
How to Tell a Joke: Two Parts: Getting the Material Right and Getting the Delivery Right.
Method 2 of 2: Using Grammar Name your language.
How to Get Rid of Mice Naturally.
How to Wash Overalls in a Washing Machine.
How to Pack Your Possessions When Moving.
How to Cope With a Double Parachute Failure.
How to Stop Procrastinating.
There are many different ways of playing Quidditch, but the most commonly used set of rules are those given by the International Quidditch Association.
Quinoa is rich in protein and lighter than other grains.
Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka.
