This paper presents an eye tracking study to explore how viewers experience art, focusing on a 17th Century collection of Spanish paintings by Zurbarán.
This paper presents a Web crawler-based computer system for automatically generating census data for an academic field, which is applied to the compilation of a census of faculty in Computer Science.
This study of the prevalence of racial discrimination in the United States presents nationally representative numbers across racial groups from a survey covering reasons for discrimination and demographic information about the respondents.
This study discusses the implications of nations appropriating assets in contradiction with property rights using the example of the Argentine State's expropriation of YPF.
This section provides details on the Eegimaa languages of Southern Senegal, their speakers and the regions in which they are spoken.
This paper presents a natural language processing system to identify and study enjambment in a large corpus of Spanish sonnets from the 15th to the 19th century.
This paper explains epistemic pollution, the result of an environment in which scholarly information may be false or deceptive, using examples of the potential harm caused by this phenomenon.
This study shows that limited exposure to a second language (L2) after it is no longer being actively used generally causes attrition of L2 competence.
This study presents an experiment which demonstrates the efficacy of digital cognitive games for improving children's attention spans at school.
Using literature on 31 lanuages and recorded data from 10 languages, this paper argues that 'huh' is a universal word used across languages by listeners to initiate repair in conversation when they do not understand speakers.
This discussion concludes based on experimental results that Chitonga speaking children acquire pragmatic competence in Scalar Implicature (SI) in the order known from previous studies.
This poster paper presents a plan to hold up to six Digital Humanities (DH) clinics, one day events which include lectures and hands-on training, to help Dutch librarians in the Netherlands and Belgium to provide researchers and students with services and follow literature and research in the area of DH.
Motivated by their popularity and environmental impact in the Philippines, this paper presents a project recycling busted Compact Fluorescent Light (CFL) bulbs into more efficient and environmentally friendly Light-Emitting Diode (LED) light bulbs.
This paper presents a study of mutation operators, which simulate likely software errors for testing purposes, in the area of Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
This study argues for the establishment of a metascience studying the methodology of replication studies in second language acquisition and presents a narrative review of the field as well as a systematic review of replication studies in this area.
This paper examines challenges in monitoring global ocean salinity levels, presenting previous studies and methods and discussing their shortcomings.
This discussion summarizes the results of an experiment in which an artificial tail was affixed to birds' bodies in order to study possible ways in which bipedal non-avian dinosaurs may have walked, finding that the location of the CoM may be a key factor in defining limb posture and kinematics.
This paper studies the responses of viewers of the series Game of Thrones to its pivotal third season episode, “The Rains of Castamere”, comparing online threads by viewers familiar with the plot from the books on which the series is based with those of new fans who had not read the books.
Daniel Bernoulli was an 18th Century Swiss mathematician who taught as a professor in St. Petersburg and Basel, known for his book Hydrodynamica and the invention of a now obsolete method to measure blood pressure using glass tubes to puncture arteries.
Some details of Lord Byron's early life including his education at Aberdeen Grammar School, Harrow and Trinity College, as well as his romantic involvements and friendships with Mary Chaworth, John FitzGibbon and John Edleston.
Yuen Ren Chao was a Chinese and American dialectologist and polyglot who sudied Chinese dialects and taught at Tsinghua University, Harvard and Berkeley between the 1920s and 1960s.
Antonín Dvořák was a 19th Century Romantic-era Czech composer who enjoyed great success in Russia, Germany, the UK and the US, teaching in both the US and Prague, and best known for Dumky Trio, the Symphony From the New World, Cello Concerto and his opera Rusalka.
Joshua Norton was an eccentric resident of San Francisco who proclaimed himself Emperor of the United States in the second half of the 19th Century, and came to be known as Emperor Norton.
Pierre Charles L'Enfant was a French-born American revolutionary who served in the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War followed by a career in civil engineering which included redesigning New York's city hall and designing the basic plan for Washington, D.C. (the L'Enfant Plan).
Charles J. Fillmore was an American linguist and Professor of Linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley, and one of the founders of Cognitive Grammar, known for his work on the theory of Frame Semantics and FrameNet, as well as his contributions to the development of Construction Grammar.
This excerpt gives details on French mathematician Évariste Galois' final days, in which he wrote his famous mathematical testament in a letter to Auguste Chevalier, before being shot in a duel provoked under unclear and possibly suspicious circumstances, on May 30th, 1832, and dying the next day.
Matthew Goode is an English actor known for his roles in the romantic comedy Chasing Liberty (2004) and Burning Man (2011), as well as television roles including in the series Downton Abbey and The Good Wife.
Patrick Gordon was a 17th Century General and Rear Admiral of Scottish origin in the Russian Army, who was also a close friend and advisor of Tsar Peter the Great.
Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA was an award winning Iraqi-British architect known designing the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics, Michigan State University's Broad Art Museum and the Guangzhou Opera House.
Ichiyō Higuchi (pseudonym for Higuchi Natsu) was a Meiji era Japanese short story author, known for works such as Umoregi ("In Obscurity"), who, despite dying of tuberculosis at 24, became influential in Japanese literature and was commemorated on the Japense 5,000 yen banknote.
Brock Holt is an award winning American Major League Baseball second baseman, shortstop and outfielder for the Boston Red Sox, who started his MLB career in 2012 with the Pittsburgh Pirates, after playing college baseball for the Rice Owls.
Saint Jerome (born Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus) was a 4th-5th Century Latin Catholic priest, confessor, theologian, and historian, known for the Vulgate translation of the Bible into Latin and his teachings on Christian moral life.
Otto Jespersen was an early 20th Century Danish linguist teaching in Copenhagen, who specialized in the grammar of the English language and authored several influential books such as "Language: Its Nature, Development and Origin" (1922).
Jenna Nicole Mourey, better known as Jenna Marbles, is a very successful American YouTube personality, vlogger, comedian and actress, known for her videos "How To Trick People Into Thinking You're Good Looking" and "How To Avoid Talking To People You Don't Want To Talk To".
Jeanne Moreau was an award winning French actress, singer, screenwriter and director, best known for starring in the films Elevator to the Gallows (1958) and Jules et Jim (1962).
Eugene Nida was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies.
Jared Padalecki is an award winning American actor who gained prominence in the series Gilmore Girls, best known for playing the role of Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural, and for his active role in campaigns to support people struggling with depression, addiction, suicide and self-harm.
Theodorus of Tabennese, also known as Abba Theodorus and Theodore the Sanctified was a 4th Century Christian monastic leader at the monastery in Tabennese, Egypt, who became the spiritual successor to the previous leader, Pachomius, and played a crucial role in preventing the first Christian cenobitic monastic federation from collapsing after his death.
At a chemistry demonstration, a presenter shows the audience the different states of matter using water for liquid, ice as a solid and steam as a gas, as well as an experiment involving inserting balloons into a container.
Mae Lynne tells about her experiences studying horse anatomy and blacksmithing in college in order to be able to take care of horses.
Dan, Judy, mom and dad open and discuss presents together on Christmas, including a book by Joseph Campbell, a yellow sweatshirt and a stainless steel bread baking pan.
Mitchell Roberts is suing Matthew Collins for roughly $700 after Matthew hired him and his workers to do a carpet job at UCSB, for which he had allegendly promised to pay the workers' full wages, but refused to pay 26% of their pay comprising unemployment insurance and social security.
A lecturer explains Luther's views on free will and his correspondence with Erasmus to a classroom using a textbook.
Beth, Sherry and two other friends discuss Kathy, who can't have children due to medical reasons, Bill, who works as a carpenter replacing a barn floor, and Carolyn, who reacted rudely to their friend Barb's illness, as well as their own preferences for drinking tea with or without lemon.
After being grounded for staying out at night, Sabrina fights with her mother, who does not permit her to join the volleyball team and later talks to her partner about cleaning the house's insulation to prevent mice from spreading an ongoing Hantavirus epidemic.
Kevin and two other friends discuss a recent emergency room visit for Jito, one of the friends' baby, as well as the dangerous effects of a high fever, some relatives they identify on a picture, and how baby Jito resembles his grandfather when he watches TV half asleep with a bottle in his hand.
While discussing plans to go to a dance class in Bahia to learn lambada dancing, Miles tells his friends about an attractive woman he had seen dancing lewdly with a man there.
Friends discuss Sam's interest in retirement, whether or not some people they know who are involved in politics are political appointees, and growing basil.
Two people are playing a strategy game online involving cards and attacking countries, while discussing dinner plans.
Two friends discuss a cartoon called 'The Scientist' that symbolizes the limitations of the scientific method, contrasting unquestioned adherence to the scientific method with Einstein's new ways of doing things, as well as how technology today is soulless and tied to consumerism.Level 1-2 sentencesLevel 1-3 sentencesAll sentences
Some veterinarians discuss various treatments and their pricing for several patients while going about daily business in the office, culminating in one vet, Marcia, calling Carol, the owner of a patient, to discuss further treatment of an animal with a broken leg.
Nathan’s friend helps him with math problems by discussing whether Nathan’s approach is correct and how he should proceed for various problems, and the pair also makes some comments about a dog named Leah who is in the room.
A thirteen year old girl goes to mass with her father to take communion on a rainy day in March, then speculates who or what might be making two frightening noises she hears on her way back home as they pass through her school gym to get out of the rain.
Santa Claus's second wife, Betty Moroz, plays online video games with her friends Williams and Gomez while making dinner on Christmas Eve, and is then disappointed when Santa gets a call from his secretary Ginny and goes out to take care of the children of the world, missing dinner.
Tyler, who always felt guilty for making his grandmother cry at their kitchen table when he told her to go to hell at age 5, discovers while looking at a photo album that they did not have a kitchen table, leading him to believe that his entire memory of the incident was false.
After hearing Derya rant about an 'airsurfer' woman that they see jumping off a futuristic bridge in Frankfurt, only to be saved by a cloud of flying mites, a protagonist pursues the woman and accepts her offer to be infected by her kiss with a virus which prevents mites from tracking people.
Robert watches over his mentally disabled sister Cara, who gets into trouble at the mall and has to be taken to the emergency room by their mother due to an asthma attack.
After torrential rain floods their house and garden, some people are swept away to sea amid mermaids and a whale, and climb aboard a galleon with singing sailors, where they meet the captain of the ship.
A poor woman who lost her husband and four children in a war hears about the valley of giants from a traveller at a bar and, after spending a night with her, decides to pack for a journey.
Jacques Chalmers, a starfighter pilot for the Empire, is terrified of overwhelming enemy forces as he leaves his deployment carrier together with his comrades, and later narrowly escapes the Enemy after witnessing the destruction of the Kethlan system.
A protagonist recounts the day when his father, a patriotic islander, returned from a long journey and unexpectedly brought home a foreign Olondrian tutor from Bain named Master Lunre.
A protagonist tells of a terrifying walk on a moonlit summer night into a stream flowing to an ocean filled with the dead, during which face-like lotos blossoms whispered to him and a dead city of spires appeared in the sea, where sea worms feasted on flesh under an evil moon and a shocking statue with hooves and a crown gazed at him.
After the protagonist and her daughter Renata help a doctor to place a tracking chip in the arm of the protagonist's mother, who has Alzheimer's, Renata stays out at night and the protagonist has a nightmare about having to sacrifice her dog Sonia.
Siri tells about an incident from his childhood, when, after recovering from brain surgery to treat epilepsy, he saved his friend Pag from bullies hitting him by brutally beating three of them with a rock.
After water pixies harrass Jenna in her bathtub, she calls the super for her Manhattan apartment for help to no avail, making her partner Robert want to come up with plan to get rid of the pixies.
Jellicoh College student Rachel Rook speaks with her boyfriend Carroll, whom she met a few months earlier at Jellicoh College library where he works, about meeting her parents for the first time on the farm where they live together.
A protagonist and his friend Pete try to get a fairy out of the protagonist's nose, and finally succeed when they realize that the protagonist can make a wish for the fairy to leave.
The protagonist tells about how his childhood friend Steven, who had an unusual hobby interest in dentistry, made resin moulds and plaster casts of his and his friends' teeth for fun.
The protagonist travels to the future using a time machine and arrives on an Earth with thin air, now tidally locked to face the sun, where, on a sloping beach next to rocks covered in vegetation, he sees a huge white butterfly and a monstrous crab-like creature.
While gunfire can be heard outside, a protagonist on an extraterrestrial colony that had been forgotten by Earth spends a night with Veronique, the daughter of an anthropologist from Earth who is studying the rediscovered colony's people, before falling asleep and dreaming of being a hero on Earth.
In a story whose history is explained by a brief introduction, Christian Rosencreutz is startled by a gust of wind and beautiful woman in a blue robe while baking a wafer for Easter Sunday, then three days later, he goes to a fountain with a lion statue and an inscription urging to drink and wash using the fountain's water.
Wikinews interviews biologist Nick Bos from the University of Helsinki about his experiments with ants, which show that ants 'self-medicate' by selecting food contaminated with toxic hydrogen peroxide when they are infected with fungus that can be treated using the chemical.
For National Magic Month in the US, Wikinews interviews William Evans, President of the Brotherhood of Magicians, about the state of magic today, the impact of the Internet on magic, and his travel plans to upcoming magic events worldwide.
Michael Dranove interviews political activist, linguist and philosopher Noam Chomsky about the background of protests against the 60th NATO conference, as well as the revival of leftwing labor actions such as mass strikes in the US and around the world.
Wikinews interviews Jonathan M. Stan, co-owner of the Pacific Standard bar in New York, about his Santorum Cocktail, which alludes to columnist Dan Savage's campaign to define 'santorum' as a frothy by-product of anal sex, in protest of comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum against homosexuality.
Wikinews interviews several meteorologists about the prognosis for Cyclone Phailin as it approaches land in the Bay of Bengal at 190 km/h, and the Indian government's preparedness for the storm given past deaths caused by cyclones in the area.
In an interview with Wikinews, researcher Marymegan Daly talks about the bioluminescent anemones she discovered together with colleagues under the sea of the Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica, how samples were retrieved and analyzed, and the process of publishing their findings.
Two owners of a BDSM dungeon in New York talk about their business in an interview, explaining about how they choose who to hire, the costs of operating the business, and how it is advertised.
In an interview with Wikinews, Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz, who run a website called Heaven Sent Gaming, talk about how they met in school, the people involved in their project and the motivation for their work.
Jack Herrick, founder of the how-to guide website wikiHow, talks to Wikinews about the success of his website, how it differs from his previous venture, eHow, and the reasons why he chose a Creative Commons license for wikiHow, which allows contributors to retain ownership of their content.
Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill, a former US Air Force fighter pilot, about his ongoing primary campaign as a Republican presidential candidate, his goals and reasons for running, his support of the Republican party, and his views on President Obama's performance ahead of the 2016 elections.
In an interview with Wikinews, Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party's nominee for Governor of Virginia in 2013, answers questions about his candidacy, including regarding his background as a mixed-race half-Chinese Virginian, his criticism of Governor Bob McDonnell, problems with the two party system, and how he would handle a hostile legislature.
In an interview with Wikinews, Simon Ličen, Assistant Professor in Educational Leadership, Sport Studies and Psychology at Washington State University, talks about the upcoming 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia, as well as the reasons for negative attitudes to the paralympics and challenges in media coverage for paralympics.
Hugh McGuire, founder of the free audio-book website LibriVox, explains in an interview about the site why they include only public domain books, how audio-book quality varies, and their Wikipedia-like approach of allowing users to contribute new material, including multiple versions of the same book.
Wikinews interviews paralympic medalist Tina McKenzie, a former member of the Gliders, Australia's women's national wheelchair basketball team, about her team's international games at the Paralympics and the World Cup.
In an interview in 2007, Frank Messina, known as the 'Mets Poet', recites a stanza from one of his poems and talks about how his poetry in support of the New York Mets baseball team has touched fans of the team.
In an interview with Wikinews, Editorial Manager Chet Clem and President Sean Mills of the Onion, a satirical news publication, explain how they create issues starting with jocular headlines through adding content and graphics, and tell about their writers' room and the kinds of stories the publish.
In an interview, Nobel Prize winner and President of Israel Shimon Peres argues that the future for Palestinians and Jews in Israel can only be peace, and presents recent terrorist activities and the war in Darfur as a battle with modernity, motivated by increasingly irrelevant history.
In an interview, mathematician and writer Aner Shalev tells Wikinews about the origins of his love for mathematics, how analyzing his own dreams got him into creative writing, and two of his books, a collection of stories called Opus 1, and a novel called Dark Matters.
Wikinews interviews Andrew Westphal, director of NASA's Stardust@home project, which allows users to inspect vast amounts of data using a Virtual Microscope in their browser for interstellar dust particles, collected from comet 81P/Wild by NASA's Stardust space capsule.
A team of six Afghan teenage girls, who were initially denied an entry visa to the US twice, was awarded a silver medal for 'courageous achievement' in the FIRST Global Challenge Robot Olympics in Washington, DC, after an intervention from US President Donald Trump allowed them to enter the country.
900 Bangladeshis and Rohingya asylum seekers from Myanmar were rescued off the coast of Aceh, Indonesia, by fishermen and the Indonesian Navy, prompting US State Department officials to ask the governments of South East Asia not to turn away refugees, as estimates suggest 8000 migrants at sea in the region.
Ahmed Mohamed, a 14 year old muslim boy from Irving, Texas, was wrongfully arrested at school on September 14, 2015 by local police after a digital clock he had built was mistaken for a bomb, sparking protests on social media and leading to invitations for Ahmed to visit the White House, U.N. headquarters in New York, Facebook and Google Science Fair.
On September 12, 2015, at least 107 people were killed and 238 wounded at Mecca's Grand Mosque in Saudi Arabia when a storm caused a construction crane to collapse just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj, Islam's annual pilgrimage to Mecca.
On September 29, 2010, after leaving Scientology's elite Sea Org group and going to Florida to meet former scientologist Tom Devocht, 19 year old Daniel Montalvo was arrested in Los Angeles on charges of grand theft for allegedly taking Scientology hard drives and a zip drive when he defected.
In the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election with a historically high turnout of 58%, the anti-establishment camp maintained its majority and veto powers, as a range of young and new candidates were elected across multiple constituencies.
The 2016 Fan Expo in Toronto, Canada, was attended by thousands, including many cosplayers, with appearances from celebrities such as Stan Lee, Mark Hamill and Margaret Atwood, video game demos, an Esports championship and charity events.
The government of New Zealand intends to hold two referendums to consider adopting a new national flag design, to replace the current one, which is partly based on the flag of the United Kingdom.
Following the removal of a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube at the request of the Church of Scientology, hackers attacked the Scientology.org website, making it inaccessible for a number of days in January 2008.
Indian Australian couple Thomas and Manju Sam are being prosecuted in Australia for manslaughter by gross negligence in the death of their nine-month old daughter Gloria, whose severe eczema they refused to treat using conventional medicing, instead opting for homeopathic treatments common in India, which are known to be ineffective.
With the development of its Internet Explorer 9 almost complete and stiff competition from Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Chrome, Microsoft has started a campaign to persuade users to stop using its older browser, the highly successful but now obsolete IE6, which they no longer want to support.
Valeska Paris, an Australian woman and former Scientologist, has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology-owned cruise ship Freewinds, where she was forced to work in the engine room, though the Church of Scientology denies these allegations.
A 2006 Australian study has shown that almost half of all Australian children suffer from mild iodine deficiency, which can cause health problems especially for children and pregnant women, and is probably due to the replacement of iodine-containing sanitisers in the dairy industry and the lack of iodized salt in Australia.
After a series of anti-Pyongyang loudspeaker propaganda broadcasts from South to North Korea, artillery fire was exchanged between the two countries on August 20, 2015, leading to the evacuation of about 80 people in the South Korean town of Yeoncheon and placement of both countries' armies on high alert.
This report describes the March 2007 Taipei City Lantern Festival in Taiwan, themed after the Chinese zodiac's year of the pig and set to host some six million vistors, which included lanterns representing the counties of Taiwan, lanterns made by student groups and lanterns from foreign countries in the 240,000 square meter Chiang Kai Shek Memorial park.
On April 12, 2011, NASA celebrated the Space Shuttle program's 30th anniversary and upcoming final mission at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, and announced that the remaining three shuttles would be relocated to museums in New York, Washington and Los Angeles, prompting critcism from competing sites.
On August 15, 2008, a classified Environment Canada document detailing security vulnerabilities of the NEMESIS database used by Canadian law enforcement to prosecute environmental law-breakers was found on the street in Kanata, Ontario, leading to controversy about how it wound up there and how classified it actually is.
On day 5 of the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Sweden defeated South Korea 1–0, Belgium defeated Panama 3–0 and Tunisia lost 1–2 to England, earning the winning teams three points each.
On January 12, 2006, 345 Muslim pilgrims were killed in a stampede at Jamarat Bridge near Mecca as they were participating in the annual Hajj pilgrimage, when luggage from a bus tripped some of the pilgrims, who were then crushed by the wave of people behind them.
A July 2015 decision by the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation ruling that religious schools must pay property taxes in Livorno has led to other municipalities in Bogliasco and Lombardy seeking retroactive tax payments from their religious schools, which opponents warn may cause fee increases or school closures.
A new exhibit of Andy Warhol's Polaroids and prints at the University of Southern Indiana is running from January 23 to March 9, 2014, featuring roughly 100 polaroids donated by the Andy Warhol Foundation, an installation of balloons called Silver Clouds, an installation taking Polaroid pictures of visitors, and Warhol themed food and music.
In a study published on July 27, 2014 in the journal Nature Climate Change, scientists have forecast a substantial reduction of wheat, rice, maize and soybean crop yields by 2050 due to climate change and ozone pollution, leading to global undernourishment levels of 27–49%.
On March 27, 2006, Greek court has ruled that practitioners of ancient Greek religion, such as followers of Zeus and Hera, may formally worship at archeological sites.
Several people discuss reasons why very few contestants defeat chef Bobby Flay on reality TV, with theories including selective casting to choose contestants that Flay can defeat, advance knowledge of the secret ingredient or hints at the signature dish in each episode, and his being a very good chef.
Several people working in tech support tell about their encounters with difficult customers, including one calling for emergency support in transferring Candy Crush progress to a new phone, leading to a discussion of how customers should be charged enough to respect workers' time, and be made to learn computer skills relevant to their jobs.
One person recounts hearing a woman reading her credit card number loudly in public over the phone, prompting a discussion about people's laxness with credit card data, such as expecting call center workers to have access to credit card numbers, as well as a number of security breaches at major companies including Capital One, Equifax and Sony.
Some people talk about conspiracy theories which they think might actually be true, including that mobile phones constantly listen to people to advertise products to them, that Argentinian model and journalist Natacha Jiatt was murdered by the Catholic Church for exposing a pedophile ring, and that Tyrannosaurus Rex arms were actually attached backwards.
Escape room employees talk about their weirdest customer experiences, focusing on one story about parents who discouraged their 8 year old son's often correct suggestions, and another story about a failed escape room proposal which turned out to be for a kid going to a prom, rather than a marriage proposal.
One person argues that since most people are cisgender heterosexuals it is reasonable to make assumptions about other people's gender and pronouns without asking, while others respond that in some contexts, such as LGBT or transgender events, it is an expected norm to ask.
Some introverts share their experiences on Reddit and discuss whether trying to be more extroverted is possible or helpful for dating and having great life experiences, or is it just exhausting when social activities end up being draining.
In a post answering the question how and to whom countries can be in debt, the author explains how money is a form of debt whose value depends on the amount of money in circulation, and how fiat currency developed as a substitute for gold reserves which formerly backed bank debt certificates.
In a discussion about realistic explanations for the film Monsters Inc., one theory points to evidence that Monstropolis is the last city in a destroyed world, while another suggests that the monsters in Monstropolis are afraid of humans, whose world surrounds their city.
Some Reddit forum users discuss whether humans are the only species which practices birth control to prevent reproduction, leading to a discussion of whether or not pandas are poor at reproducing, and some other animals which may become less reproductive when food is scarce, such as rats and rabbits.
This guide explains polygraph tests as part of a job interview process, including why polygraphs sometimes indicate deception due to nervousness even when not lying.
An American asks some Europeans how they view US preoccupation with race issues and its history, with answers suggesting that Europeans know the history more or less, and that, while understandable, many US race concepts do not apply in Europe.
One person asks for feedback about their singing voice as they attempt to produce 'ring', and others give advice on practicing and improving the sound of the voice, including by exercising specific sounds and recording oneself.
An introvert PhD student receives advice on socializing from several people who say that while it is not required, it is important to go to some departmental events for networking, CV building, talking about research, and finding out about conferences and fellowships.
Some people discuss how little they know about space since they get all of their information from NASA and Hollywood movies, which they distrust, and question whether there are astronauts on the ISS, or whether the moon landing happened, and suggest the Earth is actually flat.
During dinner at his wife's boss's home, a man who is disgusted by his undercooked steak attempts to secretly throw it out of the window, but does not realize the window is closed, leading to great embarrassment and having to claim the steak slipped after it slides against the window leaving a bloody trail.
In order to visit their 35 year old cousin who has suffered a stroke, a person asks stroke survivors for advice on communicating and how aware they were after their strokes, with responses indicating most survivors did not fully understand their surroundings but appreciated family being there.
Some people debate whether the original 3 hour cut of Snyder's movie about Batman and Superman should have been released instead of the shorter version, which prioritized getting to the action faster in order to appeal to a general audience.
In a speech at the UN, Albania presents its work towards integration in NATO and adoption of European Union standards and collaborations ahead of general parliamentary elections the following year.
In a 2011 speech to the UN General Assembly in the wake of the Arab Spring, Austria calls for action in the Arab world against violence and human rights violations, for the promotion of peace in the Middle East and the development of energy efficiency and renewable energy.
In a speech, the digital minister of Taiwan discusses the technological cooperation between private citizens and the national government to gather atmospheric and meteorological data as well as other projects with similar private and public partnerships.
In his inaugural address on August 14, 1947, Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru speaks of India's painful past and his hopes for a future of freedom ending poverty, ignorance and disease in India while creating a prosperous, democratic and progressive nation.
In this speech, Nancy Pelosi advocates in favor of the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act, stating that this isn't a way for her to disminish the work of law enforcement, while also expressing sympathy towards George Floyd's family.
In his annual report on the work of the organization at the 74th United Nations General Assembly, the UN Secretary-General summarizes the advancements of the past year, voices concerns related to economic and political strife, and urges the use of diplomacy in resolving disputes.Level 1-2 sentencesLevel 1-3 sentencesAll sentences
In a speech in the US Congress, a Democratic member of Congress accuses Republican Senators of failing to fulfill their oath to conduct an impartial trial in the impeachment of President Donald Trump for abuse of power and attempts to solicit foreign interference in the 2020 elections.
In his inaugural address, US President Ronald Reagan praises the peaceful transition of power to a new Presidency and lays out his plans to reduce the role of government and spending in order to revive the economy and combat inflation and unemployment.
In his inaugural speech before the 117th Congress, the new Democratic Senate Majority Leader expresses his hopefulness after President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris's inauguration, welcomes new Democratic senators Padilla, Ossoff, and Warnock, and pledges that the Senate will legislate and be active, responsive, energetic, and bold.
A minister in the New Zealand House of Representative announces the first case of the COVID-19 coronavirus in New Zealand and details efforts to conduct contact tracing and contain the outbreak through self-isolation, sending health staff to meet incoming flights at airports and preparing the public health system.
US President Richard Nixon announces his decision to resign due to the Watergate affair, resulting in Vice President Ford being sworn in as President the following day.
US President John F. Kennedy gives a speech in support of the mayor of Philadelphia and Democractic congressmen and senators, and details some of his administration's achievements and policy goals.
In a speech at the launch of the School of Open Africa in Kenya, the Chief Guest praises the school's initiatives and emphasizes the importance of open licenses such as Creative Commons and the benefits that Open Education Resources will bring to Kenyans through the integration of Information and Communication Technology in education.
In a 2022 speech delivered at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, US President Biden and Vice President Harris commemorate the unveiling of the first images from the James Webb Space Telescope, thanking those who have worked on the telescope and describing the importance of this accomplishment for both the scientific community and humanity itself.
In a speech at Trump Tower, Donald Trump berates other candidates for the Presidency and criticizes US military losses in the Middle East, immigration from Mexico, the state of the US nuclear arsenal, and economic and job losses in comparison to China, Mexico and Japan.
This section of a Texas Government textbook describes the social context and historical events that shaped early Texan political culture leading up to the Texan war for independence from Mexico, as well as the fall of the Alamo.
This textbook excerpt describes the cultural acquisition and functions of winking in contrast with the innate biological function of blinking and illustrates how enculturation takes place both deliberately through institutions such as schools, and by happenstance through exposure to cultural assumptions growing up.
This section of a philosophy textbook first examines classical Chinese aesthetic theory and posits that what makes artwork beautiful may not be beauty itself, the dominant thought in Western art tradition, before commenting on the shift in contemporary notions of what makes artwork beautiful, such as the experience of the subject appreciating the artwork.Level 1-2 sentencesLevel 1-3 sentencesAll sentences
This textbook excerpt goes over the history of the concept of atoms in chemistry, including Ancient Greek views and Dalton's Atomic Theory, which stipulates that all matter is made of atoms, which are the smallest units of matter and belong to distinct element types, which are neither created nor destroyed in the course of chemical reactions.
This excerpt from a psychology textbook explains how the brain uses abstract concepts, such as 'democracy', and prototypes like Rosa Parks or Mahatma Gandhi for categories such as 'civil disobedience', in order to organize the large amounts of information in sensory experience.
A survey of evolutionary ethics presents arguments by philosophers including Michael Ruse and Sharon Street about whether objective moral facts about right and wrong exist, or whether what we view as moral is dictated by evolutionary forces which have shaped our genes.
An entrepreneurial mindset creates new ideas and challenges established models in the industry, as in the example of a crop vacuum used to remove insects from crops, or Airbnb's disruption of the hotel industry with the idea of renting out people's unused rooms.
This section of a textbook explains and exemplifies different types of government, including representative democracy as in the United States, direct democracy as in ancient Athens, monarchy as in Saudi Arabia, oligarchy as in Cuba's reigning Communist Party, and totalitarianism as in North Korea.
This section explains how studies have shown the benefits of grit and resilience in successful learning and gives an example of applying grit in studying for an exam over multiple attempts.
This section summarizes the history of Native American civilizations before the arrival of the Spanish, including the settlement of America over the Beringia land bridge 15,000 years ago, the Olmecs on the Gulf Coast of Mexico (1200–400 BCE), and the Mayas (2000 BCE–900 CE) around Mexico, Belize, Honduras and Guatemala.
This excerpt explains three reasons why specialization of labor increases production: it allows workers to specialize in work they have a talent for, it allows them to improve particularly in certain tasks, and it allows businesses to take advantage of economies of scale, such as by setting up assembly lines to lower production costs.
Using several examples, this text explains ethnocentrism (evaluating a culture based on one’s own norms) and cultural relativism (assessing a culture by its own standards), and warns against ethnocentrism leading to disdain for other cultures or culture shock, or excessive relativism leading to accepting practices such as female genital mutilation.
This section of a textbooks explains Einstein's insight that gravity warps spacetime proportionally to the amount of mass, allowing the path of light to be distorted by the gravity of stars, similarly to how the path of an ant walking straight on a rubber sheet would be distorted by a heavy paperweight on that sheet.
This section of a statistics textbook explains measures of location for data, such as the median, quartiles and percentiles, as well as the interquartile range (IQR), using examples and an exercise to compute measures for some salary data.
This excerpt from a history book tells about the American Civil War, describing economic hardships for the Confederacy, its failure to obtain support from Great Britain and France, and the role of African American Union soldiers in the war.
In this vlog entry, a vlogger discusses her struggles with her own appearance and going back to therapy after over a decade.
Ash tells about her day, which includes a yoga class, marketing brand management class, doing some work while having coffee at Saxby's, and finally cooking pasta with peppers for dinner together with her boyfriend Harry.
Jasmine tells about how she tested positive for Covid on December 16th after she spent time without a mask with her sister, who also tested positive, and recounts her symptoms over several days, starting from a sore throat, then fever and congestion, and finally a partial loss of smell and taste and shortness of breath.
In this video, Christine Lee studies for and takes for her college final exams in neuroscience and chemistry, and then surprises her friend Megumi with donuts for her birthday.
On her channel, Shawnta's Way, Shawnta presents her new Nourished by Shawnta Curl Defining and Soft Hold Styler, which is a buttery hair cream with sesame seed oil, rose essence, coconut, honey and horsetail, and her Angelic Clear Coarse Jelly, a hair gel with aloe and rosemary.
After recommending some Adidas Terrex shoes, a vlogger tells about her trip to Glacier National Park in Montana, which includes driving the Going-To-The-Sun Road, hiking, seeing a grizzly bear with two baby bears, getting pizza and beer at Pizza Hut, and having ice cream in Columbia Falls.
For spring cleaning, a vlogger goes over her old lipsticks in order to clear out expired ones, and decides to throw out her Too Faced Melted Matte Liquid, Ofra, Ashton Liquid and Urban Decay lipsticks, but not her favority red Pat McGrath lipstick, or the Dose of Color products which have no expiration date.
In this vlog entry Jackie puts on a Grecian-style mermaid outfit that her friend Marianne made and has Marianne take photos of her, after which they go to Harry Potter World in Orlando together with a man who is probably Jackie's boyfriend, and they all enjoy and review the rides and food there.
In a room tour video, Kharma Medic shows viewers his London apartment, inclduing the bed and couch area, his coffee table, the balcony, his filming gear and his radio alarm clock.
In a video, Katie tells about her vacation to Portland, Oregon, and gives her top 4 recommendations for the region: Crater Lake, shopping at Powell's indie bookstore which sells used and new books, hiking in Forest Park and visiting the Rose Garden and the Japanese Gardens.
Giuliana shows a low-key Saturday in her vlog, in which she invites her grandmother Nonna Lina and her grandmother’s friend Mrs. Pellegrino to the pizza shop where she works to teach them how to make pizzas along with the help of her co-worker.
After finding out she is pregnant, a vlogger who is now seven weeks pregnant and due in mid-September tells about her feelings, her decision to document her pregnancy on her vlog, her diet and cravings, getting doctor's and midwife appointments and experiencing nausea and headaches.
A radiology resident vlogging on YouTube tells about his week on general nuclear medicine rotation, where he did three lymphoscintigraphies and some ultrasounds, his plans to work out after he gets off early from work, and taking Dutch cough drops to treat his sore throat ahead of a big trip he is planning the following weekend.
An FGCU student tells about how she is studying for her final exam by going over chapters covering the male and female reproductive systems, urinary system and fluid balance, and then goes to exchange a pair of Vans shoes at a DSW shoe store.
After leaving their home near a beautiful lagoon in South Africa, three friends drive to a wine tasting at a winery, where a sommelier explains about South African wines and serves a cheese platter, with the favorite wines being the white Signature Sauvignon Blanc from Spier and the Creative Block 3, as well as the red Creative Block 5.
This article presents Athens, an ancient city and capital of modern Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million, which hosted the 2004 Olympic games and features archeological sites and restored neoclassical as well as post-modern buildings, and is best visited in spring and late autumn.
The Chatham Islands east of New Zealand (population 640), which are reachable by plane from New Zealand, feature the magestic Henga Scenic Reserve and beach, Hapupu National Historic Scenic Reserve, the picturesque Port Hutt and Kopinga Marae, meeting place of the indigenous Moriori people.
This article details some of the history of Cleveland, Ohio, and its attractions, including museums (the Cleveland Museum of Art, HealthSpace, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame), professional sports venues (Progressive Field, QuickenLoans Arena, Cleveland Browns Stadium, Wolstein Center), most golf courses per capita in the US, and a "Big Five" orchestra.
This overview of the history of Coron, a fishing town on the island of Busuanga in the Philippines, tells about the local people (Tagbanuas), the shift from farming to mining, fishing, and more recently tourism, and attractions such as stunning lakes, snorkeling, and World War II wreck diving to see around ten Japanese ships sunk by the US Navy in World War II.
This guide to visas and legal issues for foreigners entering Cuba explains how to obtain a required tourist visa card and what it costs in different locations, how long tourists from various countries may remain in Cuba, and about the cash departure tax of CUC 25 when departing Cuba by airplane.
This overview of Fort Lee, NJ, tells about its views of New York City, how to get to Fort Lee by car, bus, ferry or plane, and some of the attractions including Fort Lee Historic Park, a community center with dance, yoga and sports activities, some stores and international cuisine, such as pizzerias, delis, diners and Korean restaurants.
This guide lists attractions on each of the islands of Guadeloupe, a French overseas department in the Caribbean, focusing on places on the island of Grand Terre, including the economic capital Pointe-à-Pitre, the nightlife in Gosier, views from St François, the touristy city and beach of St Anne, cemetary of Morne à l'eau and other destinations around the islands.
This guide to Isfahan, a beautiful ancient city in Iran, details its architectural sites such as the Safavid era Naqsh-e Jahan Square and Chaharbagh Boulevard, four stunning mosques and three palaces, and the Armenian Quarter (Jolfa), as well as transport information on airport and taxi connections.
This article goes over the history of Łódź, Poland's third biggest city with 760,000 people, its prosperity in the 19th century textile industry boom, the Nazi occupation in World War II which wiped out its Jewish population and killed many others, its subsequent dilapidation, and its recent campaigns to host film festivals and cultural events.
This article tells about Mérida, the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico, with a population of about 750,000, including its Maya and Spanish conquistador history, prosperous rope making boom times, colonial ambience and tropical climate, as well as where to get tourist information.
This guide to Oakland describes the city's history since the 1960s and its neighborhoods, including Downtown and its skyline, Chinatown's architecture and bilingual signs, Uptown with its art galleries, theaters and night clubs, North Oakland's commercial centers, foodie heavens, Temescal and Rockridge, and working-class West Oakland.
This article describes Phoenix, the hot and dry desert capital of Arizona, with information about its history from the agricultural Native American period to European settlement,as well as about climate, use of Spanish and the terminals at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.
This guide presents Socotra, an island in the Arabian Sea with a population of 40,000, reachable by plane via Al Mukalla, which features four hotels and camping on beaches, as well as remarkable biodiversity with rare species of reefs, fish, birds, plants, and trees, such as the Dragon's Blood Tree, Desert Rose and Cucumber Tree.
Sydfynske Øhav, an Archipelago of 55 islands connected by ferries and bridges south of the Danish island of Funen with over 20,000 inhabitants, is a scenic tourist destination with rare species such as Arctic Tern birds, Shore Crabs, Beach Otters and Seals and a 220 km hiking trail, reachable by boat, highway or train.
This article explains how and when to perform the respectful Wai hand gesture as a tourist in Thailand, how to dress appropriately at beaches and temples (e.g. taking off shoes at temples and homes), and how to interact with monks, including women not touching or handing things to them and not offering money to Theravada Buddhist monks.
This guide to Tulsa, Oklahoma (population 391,000, metro area 937,000), a city rich in 1920s Art Deco, gives weather and geographical information, as well as detailed plane, car and bicycle route information.
Vava’u is a group of over 50 tropical islands in Tonga, featuring the town of Neiafu on the main island Utu Vava’u, with a harbour which attracts over 500 yachts every winter between June and October, Pangaimotu, an island with secluded beaches and good snorkeling, and Hunga Island with humpback whales to see from June to November.
This guide to York, a Cathedral city in Yorkshire, England, with a population of 181,000, tells of its Roman and Viking era history, its renown for holding annual cultural festivals, and information about roads into the city, congested traffic and expensive parking.
This guide tells how to detect arrogant people based on signs such as irritation when they are not the center of attention, a strong need to look good and getting mad when their 'perfect world' is threatened, sudden hatefulness to friends or a cruel side shown to those they don't like, and speaking badly about you behind your back.
This section of a ballet dancing guide explains some of ballet's history and popularity and gives practical advice on stretching before and after dancing, wearing properly fitted slippers or else socks without stickies on the bottom, wearing snug comfortable clothes such as a leotard and tights, and finding space to practice, ideally in a studio with a barre.
This basil growing guide recommends varieties (Cinnamon, Lemon, Purple, African Blue or Thai Basil), planting seed in containers with perlite, vermiculite, peat and soil before transfering sprouts to bigger containers or a garden, watering each morning and removing flower buds before plants bolt, and finally using basil for salads and pesto and freezing basil puree.
This guide explains how to grow Beavertail cactus, either from seeds in a shady garden in moist soil, leading to flowers in 4 years, or more quickly from cuttings, 6 months or older, cured in dry shade for 10-14 days, then planted upright in pots with drainage holes in the sun, watering after a month and letting soil dry, as well as fertilizing in spring, summer and fall.
This guide gives instructions for 'hypnotizing' a chicken, by holding it with one hand with its breast on a flat surface and its legs held back, and then wiggling a finger from above the tip of its beak to its back or drawing a line before its beak until it stops squawking, resulting in a temporary attempt to 'play dead', which can be ended by clapping hands.
Two recipes for 18-24 vegan cupcakes (with vanilla extract for vanilla, or cocoa for chocolate flavor), using soy milk and cider vinegar, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, oil and salt, as well as optionally fruit puree, baked in the oven for around 20 minutes.
This article suggests jokes and pranks to play on people in elevators, such as pushing all buttons, saying or singing 'ding' at every floor or announcing the floors, talking to your reflection in the mirror, standing in a corner facing the wall, dancing, putting a Lego city or Twister mat on the floor, or pretending to have lost a tarantula, snake or scorpion in the elevator.
This guide to flirting via instant messaging suggests starting bu saying 'hi' and asking about someone's day, asking for help with work or school, or asking about their username, then moving on to musical likes and dislikes and making jokes, while avoiding self-deprecation, sappiness, excessive flattery or jokes at other people's expense.
This guide to making a glowstick suggests using protective clothing and mixing hydrogen peroxide and water in one bowl, then luminol, sodium carbonate, copper sulfate, ammonium carbonate (available from websites such as Alfa Aesar or Sigma Aldrich) and water in another, and finally mixing some of both solutions in a bottle to create the glow.
This section from a guide on how to tell a joke advises practicing but not memorizing jokes, knowing your audience to pick appropriate jokes, choosing material from your life, online or repurposing jokes you've heard, using a realistic but exaggerated setup your audience can relate to, followed by a surprising punchline and possibly an additional 'topper' punchline.
This language creation guide excerpt suggests naming your language and possibly basing it on an existing language, starting with frequent, short function words, making grammar rules and affixes for gender, using non-Latin characters and punctuation, writing texts and teaching it to friends, as well as giving certain letters positive/negative connotations.
This guide to getting rid of mice at home naturally suggests keeping your home clean, storing food in airtight containers, applying peppermint oil on cotton balls near your garbage and doors or growing peppermint, using snake feces or ultrasonic beeping devices, or getting a cat or attracting birds of prey to your yard using a shelter box.
This guide to washing overalls suggests washing them with like clothing, avoiding clothes which can get twisted up with the straps, fastening straps to the bib with twist ties (also in the dryer), emptying pockets, moving the strap adjusters to make them last longer, using less detergent if washing overalls alone, and taking care plastic ties don't melt in the dryer.
This moving guide recommends packing each room, labeling and photographing what is in each box, filling sturdy boxes to the brim to allow for stacking, balancing heavy and light items so boxes can be lifted, marking fragile boxes and using bubble wrap or newspapers, getting free boxes from superstores (Walmart) and selling back boxes to U-haul.
This double parachute failure guide advises remaining calm, alerting fellow jumpers by waving your arms and linking arms with them through their harness, prepare for chute deployment shock and impact and steering away from powerlines and towards water (or in a solo jump, attempting to open the reserve chute or else praying).
This guide on preventing procrastination recommends using a prioritized to-do list with time frames, placed where you can see it, finishing hard stuff first or breaking it down into small parts you can accomplish today, using a timer ('time-boxing') and doing two-minute tasks whenever possible, or doing productive ten-minute work frenzies and ten-minute breaks.
This guide suggests ways to play Harry Potter's game of Quidditch in real life (Muggle Quidditch), by optionally riding on brooms, using three deflated dodge balls as bludgers for beaters to bat at players, a volleyball as a quaffle for chasers to throw into goal hoops, and a coin, ball or a running person as the snitch, which possibly blindfolded seekers must find.
Three recipes for quinoa suggest optionally toasting it in olive oil in a pan and then cooking it in broth or water and salt on a stove, washing and cooking it in a rice cooker after optionally toasting it, or baking it in the oven in a baking dish covered with foil together with sauteed onions, peppers, mushrooms or other vegetables in a broth.
This guide gives three methods of making Skittles flavored vodka, by choosing desired Skittles flavors and colors (often without lime green and grape purple) and dissolving them in vodka shots followed by filtering, or by making an entire bottle the same way over two days, or more quickly by placing bottles in a running dishwasher and shaking them.