Eye-tracking techniques have provided insights into the unconscious processes of viewing a collection of Spanish art.
In this paper, I examine the impact of diversity on the scientific workforce in computer science, using a census of computing faculty.
This study by Kessler and colleagues estimates the prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in the United States.
This article considers the role of the state in the development of new economic institutions that promote property rights and the rule of law.
In the second part of our series on the languages of Senegal, we look at the different varieties of the Jola language.
This paper presents a large-scale study of the automatic analysis of enjambment in Spanish sonnets, using a corpus of 3750 examples.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, novelist and writer Langston Hughes considers the importance of common sense in the selection of an expert.
The effect of a substantial period of limited or no exposure to a foreign language on language skills is examined in the present study.
The Escola do Cérebro at the Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin Bruna Anastacio aims to investigate the contributions of the use of digital games in the classroom to improve the cognitive skills of children.
This paper argues that a word can be a universal word in the world's languages.
This study was a cross-cultural study of children in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) who were asked to describe the well of a puppet.
In our series of letters from international librarians, Michiel Cock from the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam and Lotte Wilms from the National Library of the Netherlands share their experiences of leading Dutch librarians into digital humanities (DH).
This project study aims to develop a compact light-emitting diode (SCLED) bulb from busted Compact Fluorescent Light (CFL).
mutation operators for testing Geographic Information Systems.
Reproducibility and the importance of replication research in the field of second language research are discussed in this article.
In this paper, we study the remote sensing of sea surface salinity (SSS) from space using the L-band microwave radiometer.
The location of the cruciate ligament (CFL) can be used as a functional parameter to estimate the kinematics of limb postures and locomotory in theropods and birds.
In our project, we examine the impact of George RR Martin’s A Song of Ice and Fire series on the Game of Thrones fandom.
Daniel Bernoulli was one of the founding fathers of the theory of the aeroplane, and his work on the conservation of energy is one of the most important of the 20th century.
The poet William Byron was born in Aberdeen, Scotland, in January 1799, the son of a wealthy landowner, John Byron, and his wife, Mary.
Chao Yang was one of the leading Chinese linguists of the New Culture generation of the 1920s and 1930s.
Antonn Dvok was one of the Czech Republic's leadingRomantic composers, and his symphonies and other works were performed in the UK and the United States.
As the United States marks the 150th anniversary of the death of the man who proclaimed himself the "Emperor of the United States", the BBC News website looks at the life and times of Emperor Norton.
Pierre Charles L'Enfant was a French-born engineer who designed the L'Enfant Plan for Washington, D.C.
The American linguist Charles Fillmore was one of the founding fathers of the theory of cognitive linguistics.
Pierre-Auguste Galois was a French mathematician who was expelled from the cole Normale in 1831 for his political activities, and who was later killed in a duel.
Actor Matthew Goode is best known for his roles in the films Watchmen, Brideshead Revisited and The Crown.
Patrick Gordon of Auchleuchries was a Scottish general who served in the Russian army under Tsar Aleksei I.
Award-winning architect Zaha Hadid has died of a heart attack at her home in London at the age of 65.
Natsuko Higuchi was born in Tokyo on 2 May 1872, the daughter of a tailor and a maid.
The Boston Red Sox have signed second baseman Brock Holt to a four-year contract extension, which will keep him with the club until at least 2020.
In our series of letters from African journalists, filmmaker, and columnist Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah looks at the life and times of Saint Jerome, one of the Roman Catholic Church's most influential saints.
Otto Jespersen was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language.
A look at the life of YouTube star Jenna Marbles.
Jeanne Moreau has died at the age of 89.
Eugene A.
Jared Padalecki is best known for playing the role of Sam Winchester in the TV series Supernatural
Theodorus of Tabennese was one of the most important figures in the early history of the monastery of Tabennese in Egypt, and was the spiritual leader of the monastery.
In this week's episode of The Big Bang Theory, physicist Stephen Hawking answers some of your questions about water, steam, and ice.
Mae Lynne's mother, Lynne, is a horse trainer, and her daughter, Mae Lynne, is a student in a horse trimming class.
It's time to open the presents in the house, and I'm going to open this one for Judy, and I'm going to open this one for Dad, and I'm going to open this one for Dan, and I'm going to open this one for Dan from Santa,
The following is the transcript of the California Supreme Court case of the week, where the justices decide whether or not a worker is entitled to the minimum wage.
In our series of letters from the BBC News website, the BBC's Houseman looks at the debate between Martin Luther and Erasmus on free will.
Bill Wilson's wife, Kathy, has given birth to their first child, a baby girl, by emergency Caesarean section.
Jito's got a fever.
On this week's episode of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, it's all about the phone, and Kendra tries to get Sabrina's phone back.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani tells the story of a woman who chased a man out of a dance class in Lagos.
Here's the full transcript of the conversation between the BBC's political editor, John Humphrys, and the BBC's former chief of staff, Reg Barr, after Humphrys' resignation from the BBC's board of directors.
Here is the full video of the game World of Warcraft, in which the player who controls the most countries in the world wins the game.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Ahmed Rashid looks at the limits of the scientific method.
Thirty-two, we're going to send her home with Amoxi, and Pred, and we're going to do a recheck of the x-rays.
So, I'm trying to find the square root of one half, and I'm trying to find the square root of one half on the bottom.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Nafissatou Diallo tells the story of the first time she met her father.
The last Christmas Eve dinner of Betty Claus, the last Christmas Eve dinner of Santa Claus, the last Christmas Eve dinner of Mrs. Claus, the last Christmas Eve dinner of Santa Claus, the last Christmas Eve dinner of Betty Claus, the last Christmas Eve dinner of Santa Claus, the last Christmas Eve dinner of Betty
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, novelist and writer Tracy Letts tells the story of Tyler, a young man who was tortured by the memory of his grandmother who died when he was a child.
This is the story of a young woman, Derya, who works in the tower blocks of Frankfurt.
It’s Christmas Eve and we’re in the food court at Spencer’s department store and I’m trying to put down the Christmas lights.
This is the story of the day it rained in the garden, in the garden, in the garden, in the garden.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Nafissatou Diallo tells the story of her life in the delta city of Thimphu after World War Two.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is out now on PS4, Xbox One and PC
Chapter One: Master Lunre My father’s actions were largely incomprehensible to me, guided by his own secret and labyrinthine calculations
In our series of letters from the world's leading writers, TS Eliot reflects on his fear of the moon.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Germaine Greer tells the story of her mother, who has Alzheimer’s disease.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, novelist and writer TwenCen Abell reflects on how her life began.
In our series of letters from the New York Times, author Andrew Willett tells the story of his daughter, Jenna McMaster, and the pixies in her life.
In the novel Stranger Things, Thomas Carroll tells the story of the first time he slept with Rachel Rook, a seventeen-year-old girl in the small town of Jellicoh, Ohio.
The first time I sneezed on my bike, Pete and I were sitting at the side of the road, watching the street go by, when I pulled the bike to a halt, the front wheel pointing in his direction.
In our series of letters from the world’s best-selling authors, novelists and writers tell the stories of the people who inspired them.
The story of Sir Isaac Newton's time-travelling journey is told in the novel The Further Vision.
In the second part of Ian McEwan's new novel, The Cost to Be Wise, he tells the story of a girl who came to live in the offworld from Earth.
The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz is the story of a young boy who’s about to get married to a woman who’s about to get married to a man who’s about to get married to a woman who’s about to get married to a man who’s about to get
Biologist Nick Bos has discovered that ants appear to self-medicate by eating toxic chemicals.
Magician William Evans, president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians, talks about the current state of magic and what its future looks like in the world of entertainment.
The 60th anniversary of the founding of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (Nato) is being held in Brussels this week.
The Pacific Standard bar in New York City has launched a new cocktail called Santorum, inspired by the controversial term santorum neologism.
Cyclone Phailin has made landfall in the eastern Indian state of Orissa, bringing with it strong winds and heavy rains.
Marymegan Daly, a biologist at the University of California, Los Angeles, has been working on the discovery of a new species of sea anemone in the Ross Sea.
The owners of a sex dungeon in New York talk about the misconceptions about the industry and the challenges of running a business.
Heaven Sent Gaming is a gaming news and entertainment team founded by two friends who met in high school.
wikiHow is probably the most popular single subject wiki after Wikipedia.
A retired US Air Force fighter pilot, Christopher Hill, has announced he is running as a third party candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
The Libertarian Party's nominee for Governor of Virginia, Attorney Robert Sarvis, answers five questions submitted via e-mail by Wikinews reporter William Saturn.
The 2014 Winter Paralympics in the United States will be the first to be televised live in the country.
For the past 10 years, the non-profit organisation YouVox has been recording audio versions of books in the public domain.
The Australian women's national wheelchair basketball team, known as the GlidersMcKenzie, a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball, retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London
Poet Frank Messina, whose 9/11 poems inspired the New York Mets baseball team's World Series run, spoke to the New York Times about his career and the Mets-inspired work.
The Onion editor-in-chief, Sean Mills, explains how the satirical news site writes an issue.
In an exclusive interview with the BBC’s David Shankbone, Israel’s former President Shimon Peres reflects on the conflict with the Palestinians.
mathematician and writer Aner Shalev explains why he chose to study mathematics.
In January 2006, the Stardust spacecraft returned samples from a comet to Earth, but the mission is now being used to search for the first solid samples from outside our Solar System.
An all-girl Afghan robotics team that was twice denied visas to enter the United States has won a medal at an international robotics competition in Washington.
The United States and the UN have expressed concern over the plight of thousands of migrants adrift at sea in the Andaman Sea.
The hashtag on Twitter, #IStandWithAhmed, has become an international phenomenon in support of a 14-year-old Texas boy who was arrested for bringing a digital clock to school that was mistaken for a bomb.
The death toll from a crane collapse at the Grand Mosque in the Muslim holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia has risen to at least 107.
Recent reports have revealed that a defector from the elite group within Scientology was first persuaded to travel back to a management building for the organization in California, where he was interrogated by an attorney for Scientology and then arrested.
The results of Hong Kong's Legislative Council election for the territory's 13 geographical constituencies have been announced.
Pop culture celebrated at Fan Expo Canada 2016.
The New Zealand government has invited the public to suggest designs for a new national flag.
The Church of Scientology's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube have sparked an ongoing conflict between the Church of Scientology and anonymous posters of the video on the Internet.
Homeopathy is a form of alternative medicine that has been described as a form of quackery, but an Australian couple have been prosecuted for the death of their baby daughter after they refused to send her to a conventional medical doctor.
Microsoft's Internet Explorer 6 (IE6) web browser has outlived its usefulness, and Microsoft has announced that it will no longer support it.
A former member of the Church of Scientology, Valeska Paris, has claimed that she was forced to work in the engine room of a Scientology-owned cruise ship.
Most iodine in food comes from seafood, milk and iodised salt.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has ordered his frontline troops to be "fully battle ready" to launch a surprise attack on South Korea, state media report.
The Taipei City Lantern Festival in Taiwan is one of the most popular new year celebrations in the country and this year the city expects about 6 million visitors to the event.
The US space agency NASA has announced where the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed following the end of the space shuttle program.
Environment Canada is investigating after a document detailing security vulnerabilities of a database used to prosecute environmental lawbreakers was found on a street in Ottawa.
In the first game of the day, England captain Harry Kane scored a late goal in the 90th minute to defeat Tunisia at the Nizhny Novgorod Stadium.
All photographs Getty Images.
The head of the Catholic Church in Italy, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, has called on the government to "guarantee" the rights of religious schools to operate in the country.
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts' Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program is cultivating new interest in the late artist's photographic legacy.
Climate change and ozone pollution could offset the impact of global warming on the world's food supply, a new study suggests.
The ancient Greek religion of GUM is a religion that dates back to the 4th Century BC.
After Bobby Flay’s latest victory on The Celebrity Apprentice, I’ve been wondering why so many of the other chefs on the show don’t beat him.
If you're a small business owner and you get an emergency call out from a customer and you don't know how to transfer important data to a new phone, you might want to think about charging them a little more.
In the wake of a massive credit card data breach in which millions of people's personal information was stolen and used to open new accounts in their names, here are some tips on how to keep your personal information safe.
There are two theories as to why your phone might be listening in to what you say on the phone at work.
In the wake of the release of the new movie Idiocracy, Escape The Room employees have been sharing their experiences of working in the rooms.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, filmmaker, and columnist CMV looks at the issue of pronouns and gender.
Introverts of Reddit, what are the most annoying things extroverts do?
In our series of letters from African journalists, journalist and writer ELI discusses the global debt crisis.
With the release of Monsters, Inc, and the sequel Monsters, Inc: The Curse of the Scare Record, we take a look at some of the key theories behind the movies.
Humans are the only species on earth to try and stop themselves from reproducing
If you are applying for a job and have been told that you will need to take a lie detector test to prove that you are truthful, you may be wondering how to pass the test.
In the wake of the recent protests in the US over the recent killings of two black men by police officers in Ferguson, Missouri and New York, my friends and I have been writing to you guys to ask about the issue of race in the US.
I'm trying to develop a pleasant voice, but it's often hard to find the ring in my voice.
In case you missed it, here's a Q&A with a grad student who doesn't feel the need to go to social events.
In case you missed it, here's a round-up of some of the evidence that the US space agency nasa has been lying about.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, writer and novelist Langston Hughes reflects on how he made a good impression on his wife's boss.
In our series of letters from stroke survivors, MurrayStreet asks a question about how "aware" you were just after you stabilized and were unable to speak.
Zack Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been a box office success, but what about the film's marketing strategy?
Here is the text of Prime Minister Edi Rama's speech to the UN General Assembly:
Here is the text of Austrian Foreign Minister Michael Spindelegger’s speech to the UN General Assembly:
In our series of letters from the world's leading technology journalists, the BBC's technology correspondent Tomi Lahren looks at how citizen scientists in Taiwan are taking action to improve air quality.
Here is the speech of India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru as he was sworn in as the country's first prime minister on 14 August 1947:
The following is a transcript of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's remarks on the floor of the House of Representatives in support of the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.
Here is the full text of Ban Ki-moon's speech to the UN General Assembly on the first anniversary of his election as Secretary-General:
Here is the full text of the speech by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on the impeachment of President Donald Trump:
Here is the full text of President Barack Obama's inaugural address:
Here is the full text of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s speech at the inauguration of Joe Biden as President of the United States.
The full text of New Zealand Prime Minister John Key's statement on the first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus:
Here is the text of President Gerald Ford's statement announcing his resignation on 8 August 1974.
Here is the full text of President Barack Obama's speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia:
Here is the full text of President Uhuru Kenyatta’s speech at the launch of School of Open Africa:
Here is the full text of the remarks by President Joe Biden and Vice President Harris in a Briefing to Preview the First Images from the James Webb Space Telescope.
Here is the full text of Donald Trump's speech at a rally in New York on Tuesday, in which he called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States.
The Anglo-American settlers who arrived in Texas in the late 18th and early 19th centuries resented the Mexican government and the Mexican legal system.
In American culture, winking takes on special meaning in social interactions.
In our series of letters from Chinese writers, novelists and columnists, we look at the importance of artistic excellence in the Chinese tradition.
In this section, you will learn about the structure of matter, the properties of elements, and the laws of matter.
In this section, you will learn about the human mind and how the brain works.
In this chapter, we will look at the entrepreneurial mindset and how it can be used to create new opportunities in your field.
In the second part of our series on evolutionary ethics, we are looking at the question of morality.
The government of the United States is a representative form of government, but it is not a direct democracy.
In this chapter, you will learn about the importance of motivation in the act of learning.
In this section, you will learn about the major civilizations of the Americas before the arrival of the Spanish.
In his seminal work on the economics of work, the American economist, Joseph Smith, suggested that the level of production of a good or service can be increased by dividing it by the number of workers who produce it.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah looks at the differences in people’s attitudes towards other cultures.
In this section, you will learn about the theory of space and time that Albert Einstein proposed in his theory of general relativity.
In our series of articles on data analysis, we are going to look at two of the most common measures of data location and the middle value of the data.
The Civil War was the largest conflict in the history of the United States, and it was the conflict that led to the creation of the United States of America.
In this vlog, I'm going to be talking about my face breaking out so badly, and I'm struggling with the way I look.
In this week's vlog, I'm taking you through another day in my life because I'm having a mental breakdown.
In this video, Jasmine talks about her experience of testing positive for the Covid virus.
In case you missed it, here's a daily update of what I've been up to this week as I've been studying for my final exams.
I'm Shawntas, and I'm here to talk to you guys about my new products, and I'm going to be showing you guys how I'm going to be using them, and I'm also going to be showing you guys this extreme moisture bomb routine that I'm going
It's our last day in Glacier National Park in Montana and we're heading back to the car!
In this vlog I'm going to show you how I'm going to get rid of a bunch of my fancy lipsticks and I'm going to show you how I'm going to do it.
I'm Kharma Medic, and today I'm going to be doing a room tour of my house, and I'm going to be showing you all how I decorate my room in London.
In this week’s vlog I’m doing a mermaid photo shoot in Florida and I’m sharing some of the products I’ve been using to create this look.
Giuliana Pellegrino teaches her daughter, Nonna Lina, how to throw a pizza in the air.
In this vlog I'm going to be talking about my two and a half week long vacation to Portland, Oregon, and I'm going to be sharing some of the best things to do in the city.
In this week's vlog I'm going to be talking about how life-changing it has been for me to find out that I'm pregnant.
In this week's episode of my YouTube vlog, I'm on my general nuclear medicine rotation this week, and here's what I've been up to this week.
In today's vlog I'm going to show you how I'm studying for my final exam and how I'm mapping it out.
In this week's episode of The World's Wine, South Africa's leading wine expert and TV presenter, Lindiwe Mazibuko, looks at the best white wines to drink now.
The Greek capital city of Athens is one of the world's most famous tourist destinations, with a rich history of political, economic, and cultural importance.
The Chatham Islands in the South Island of New Zealand are one of New Zealand's most popular holiday destinations, but how do you get there?
The City of Cleveland, Ohio, is one of the largest urban areas in the United States and one of the most ethnically diverse in the country.
The island of Coron in the Philippines is one of the best places in the world to scuba dive and snorkel, and the area is famous for its World War II wreck diving.
How to get a tourist visa in Cuba.
The town of Fort Lee, New Jersey, is located on the banks of the Hudson River and the George Washington Bridge.
Guadeloupe is a French overseas department in the eastern Caribbean, and is a French overseas department in the eastern Caribbean, and is a French overseas department in the eastern Caribbean
The city of Isfahan in Iran is one of the most beautiful cities in the world and is a Unesco World Heritage Site.
The city of d in north-western Poland has a rich and varied history and is one of the country's most important economic and cultural centres.
The colonial city of Mérida in Mexico is a city of contrasts, with colonial buildings, colonial streets and colonial plazas.
Oakland, California's second largest city, is a city with a rich and diverse history, and it is a city with a lot to see and do.
The city of Phoenix, Arizona, in the United States, is a city in the middle of the Sonoran Desert.
The tiny island of Socotra in the Gulf of Guinea in the Caribbean is a paradise for nature lovers.
The islands and islets of Sydfynske hav in the Baltic Sea are one of Denmark's most scenic areas, and should be a top destination for anyone taking the time to explore Denmark outside the capital
In our series of articles on Thailand, we look at the customs and traditions of the country and how to behave accordingly.
The city of Tulsa is the second largest city in the state of Oklahoma and the largest city in the Tulsa metropolitan area.
The Vava'u Group of islands in the South Pacific is one of the world's most beautiful places to visit and the waters of the islands are known for their clarity.
A city with a history that dates back to before Roman times, York is a city that reveals its charms to explorers with curiosity and patience.
Arrogant people can be a source of pain, and this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant.
Ballet is a form of dance which involves the use of ballet shoes, leotards, and tights to form and move through the air.
One of the simplest and most versatile herbs to grow, basil is used in many cuisines around the world.
The Beavertail cactus is an easy-to-grow plant that can be grown from seeds or cuttings.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, filmmaker and columnist Richard Galpin explains how to "hypnotize" a chicken.
These vegan cupcakes are so easy to make, you'll be able to make them at any time of the year.
If you want to annoy people on an elevator, here are some ways to do it.
In our series of articles on online dating, we've been looking at some of the most common mistakes people make when it comes to online flirting.
If you're wondering how to make a glowstick with luminol, you're in the right place.
In the second part of our series on how to tell a joke, we look at how to get the material right and the delivery right.
In the second part of our series on making up a language, we are going to look at how you can make your own language.
If you have mice in your home, here are some simple ways to get rid of them without the use of toxic chemicals and poisons.
How to wash overalls in a washing machine.
Whether you are moving to a new house or moving from one to another, here are some tips on how to pack your possessions when moving.
In our series of letters from the world's leading skydivers, author and former professional skydiver David Hempleman-Adams explains how to cope with a double parachute failure.
Procrastination is a problem that many of us experience at some point in our lives.
Muggle Quidditch is a sport that has been popular in the wizarding world since the 1930s, and has been played by Harry Potter fans since the 1970s.
quinoa is a grain native to South America and is considered a sacred food by the Incas.
If you've ever wanted to try making your own Skittles vodka, you've come to the right place!